The beginning

Author: kas22693

*000*2015-11-03 20:32

Hey folks, this is a story about one of my very first wetting experiences. Now how i got into wetting but thought id share it anyway. I was about 9 or 10 years old and my family and i went out to cicis pizza for dinner. Back then much like now i would guzzle down a crazy amount of soda. I probably drank about a 2 liters worth of dr pepper before it hit me. I needed to pee. Usually under normal circumstances i have the biggest and baddest bladder of steel and can hold for hours after my body informs me its time to pee without even so much as a dribble, but tonight was different. I was on Ritalin at the time and i didn't know until recently that stimulants have an effect on my body causing my bladder to be much weaker than it usually is. Anyway i didn't experience any sort of desperation at the time.

Just simply my body alerted me i needed to pee. I excused myself from the table to go to the restroom, for anyone interested i was wearing these black windbreaker type pants without any underwear . I usually went commando all the time as a kid. Anyway i get to the restroom and i go to pull my pants down to pee and didn't get them down at all hardly when it happened. Suddenly, without warning i just started to lose all control and pissed myself completely soaking my pants leaving a huge puddle on the floor.

I was absolutely stunned and horrified and embarassed. I had to go back to our table with completely pissed pants where everyone at the place could see me and tell my parents what had happened. They were upset but understanding of course but i had to stay there like that until they were done eating. Then we went to walmart and got me a pair of pants to change into. Ever since the experience that night i started to wet the bed every night up until i was about 12. My parents weren't understanding of that at all. They got onto me for it a lot saying i was too old to be wetting the bed and made me feel pretty ashamed of it. They never did put me in pullups or goodnites or diapers for it though. Anywho hope you guys enjoyed my story , lemme know what yall think. My next story will be how i discovered i was into wetting as a sexual thing

