True loss of control

Author: ClosetGuy

*000*2022-08-03 20:03

Typically when I do wettings I get tired of waiting until my bladder actually gives way, and I start peeing my pants when the bladder contractions start.

Today I decided that I wanted to actually wait until I really lose control. I drank a ton of coffee, water, and alcohol as the day progressed. Once I started getting desperate, I turned on some wetting videos like I usually do. They made me get into the mood more. I started feeling the involuntary contractions of my bladder as the waves of pressure against the base of my penis started to get unbearable. But instead of giving in, I focused all of my willpower into staving off the contractions and holding the pee back. I was able to do this for about 20 minutes or so. The contractions kept getting stronger and more severe, and I had to focus ever more willpower into keeping the urine inside my body. I was taking deep breaths with every contraction in order to keep control.

Eventually it was more than I could muster. My body focused every ounce of its energy into forcing my bladder to contract. As much as I tried to stave it off, my abused bladder finally won and pee blasted out of my dick for a good 2-3 seconds. Shortly after that was over, a second mighty contraction washed over me, and piss again escaped my body for about two seconds. The third was like nothing I've felt before. My entire body contracted as it focused on my bladder, and for about 20-30 seconds, piss gushed out of my penis into my pants. My vocal cords uttered an involuntary grunt while it was happening. It actually felt like the blood vessels in face face wanted to pop, it was that strong. Soon I was soaked in urine.

I wasn't anywhere close to empty, either. So rather than change myself and actually start doing something with my life, I commenced re-loading my body with liquids. I was close to the breaking point when I started writing this, and the same experience may or may not have repeated itself as I was decided how to write the closing to this story...

