Zooming in for Kink: Omo in the Time of Covid

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2021-06-11 15:27

I have mentioned my omo friend Pamela many times before. She lives on the Pacific coast of North America and I am currently an expat in Europe, but we manage to see each other a few times a year because I typically visit my sister a couple of times a year and she lives near to Pamela. But with the crazy travel restrictions from covid, we have not seen each other for a few years.

This is what we do. She sends her daughter off to Grandma and Grandpa's house for the night, which always delights the daughter, who firmly believes that Grandpa makes the best burgers in the world. Then Pamela has dinner, followed by two liters of water and an entire bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. Then she zooms me, usually around 9:30 PM her time which is 6:30 AM my time.

We have figured out just how to angle her laptop and where she should stand so that I can see from the top of her head to her knees. She stands on a few ragged old towels and then empties her bursting bladder while I watch. Last time we did it, she brought in a chair from the back porch, sat on it with the towels beneath, and wet her pants sitting down. Then she dropped her trousers and backed up to her laptop so that I could get a great view of her soaking wet panty clad rear end.

By the end of the summer, the travel situation should be a bit more clear. Then I will go back to the US and we will do our usual thing of renting an isolated cabin in the redwoods (my sister is a realtor) and resuming our usual fun. But for now, we have found our own way to get round the lockdowns and restrictions, even half a world apart.

