Wet coming home from the store

Author: james07s

*000*2017-03-27 00:54

I was holding it all day today and was planning on wetting in the shower later. I was getting really desperate when I decided to run to the store and pick some stuff up. I could barely hold it at the store. I leaked a little, and almost gave up and went to the bathroom there so I didn't wet myself in front of everyone at the store. Driving back, I kept leaking and was sure I wouldn't make it, and suddenly traffic started slowing down and stopped! I took the time to grab myself and checked if there were any visible wet spots, and there was only a little one that you could barely see.

I finally made it home, got the groceries out of the car, and decided to take the stairs up instead of the elevator just to make it harder. I leaked a bunch more on the way up. I made it inside and started putting stuff away, and was planning to finish that and then go into the bathroom and wet. But as soon as I bent down to put something in the cabinet it just suddenly started gushing out right there in the kitchen!

I totally soaked my jeans and my favorite shoes (which I didn't really want to get wet) and made a HUGE puddle on the floor :D. I took off my wet pants and underwear, cleaned up the puddle, and finished putting stuff away before my roommates got back and saw me naked and wet in the kitchen!

After that I had to pee again a little so I put my pants back on and wet a little more in the bathroom. I was super turned on at that point so I jerked off and came inside my pants :p, and then took a shower just before my roommates got back. I'm back in my room now thinking about how awesome this all was. One of the best wettings I've had in a while!

