My longest hold/ 2 wets in one session!

Author: AriesTheRam

*000*2018-12-31 15:38

I had been preparing for this session for a week at this point, and nothing was stopping me from having a day of fun so I got my morning pee out of the way (to ensure the best wetting ppissible), grabbed a SmartWater 1 liter bottle, and put on my first outfit! Blue bikini underwear for men, tight grey yoga pants, and a bright shirt. It took about 3 hours, and 2 liters until I was jumping around trying not to burst.. I ran yo the bathtub, and before I could even press record on the camera, I was spurting out and audibly ready from all the groans and moans I was letting out.. It was a fail. 

The grey leggings aren't as good as I thought they'd be, and ends up, they don't show too well, so as punishment, I wore this outfit for the next few hours until I was about ready for my next run so, I begin again. 2 liters of water, a lot of waiting, and making up other slave tasks as I go along, that I think may trouble me, or dirty me in some ways or another. But to keep it to topic, 3 hours pass by again, and I slip off my damp old clothes, and put on my new pair of pink panties along with my pink yoga pants, that have white stripes on either side. 

I was already about to burst when I put on my new pants, so I got ready in the bathtub.. and as expected, a mess insued. My pants barely soaked. But the stream wouldn't let up. It just kept flowing, no control oflver my own bladder, as I start to stand in a thick puddle of my own pee, it's almost orgasmic!! After both wets, I kept my outfit on for a bit longer, then cleaned myself up! All in all it was really fun, but I would like better outfits to be able to show you guys the videos from dry to completely soaked!!

$$

$$

$$

