Third grade experience

Author: adriangache

*000*2012-02-09 16:17

As far as I can remember, this was my first true wetting.

I was 8 and in third grade. The club that I joined would be having an overnight stay at some place I don't remember, so I was pretty psyched.

The place was nice, and we had a fun first afternoon. All throughout the day, I never felt any urge to pee.

Well, once we were back in the dorms, I fist felt a signal from my bladder. But I was really confident in my bladder strength at that time, and I had made the stupid decision not to pee until I got back home, so I dismissed it and went to sleep.

A few hours later, I woke up to a strong urge to pee. And I mean REALLY strong, or at least strong by my 8-year-old standard. It didn't make it any easier that the room was freezing cold. I had to flip over on my stomach every once in a while to assist myself in holding. When the urges went away, I would just stare at the ceiling and wonder if it was safe to go to the bathroom. But the toilet was on the other side of the hallway, and being 8, I was pretty scared of the dark, so I decided against it. I managed to go back to sleep after about an hour.

Another hour later, I was awoken to a bright light.....and a really strong urge to pee. I immediately tensed up, but tried not to make it obvious to my roommates that I was desperate. So we go out into the line to brush our teeth. I saw the toilets right next to the sinks, so I planned my move. But some inconsiderate bastard took too long, and I felt a warm sensation in my pajamas. I looked down and saw that I was peeing. After about 45 seconds, I finally stopped, but one person took notice. I brushed my teeth and rushed back to the room. Luckily, that one person was the only guy that knew that I had wet myself.

*001*2012-02-25 11:24

Actually, all my clothes turned out to be wet once I got home, my bladder couldn't hold enough pee to produce a puddle, and the one person only gave a surprised "AH!" and never spoke of it again.

I guess you can say I was lucky.

