Desperate at the Nail Salon

Author: katiepee

*000*2015-05-20 03:45

Yesterday was my beauty errand-running day so I decided to have a little fun since peeing has been on my mind a lot lately. Before my nail appointment I drank a lot of water and a soda to fill my bladder. By the time I arrived, I already needed to go and considered flaking out and abandoning my plan. They were running a little behind so I walked around fidgeting trying to pick the color I wanted. I wore black leggings, a long shirt and flip-flops since it was a casual day.

I sat down at the nail station and was immediately offered a beverage. Reluctantly, I chose to drink another soda. I guess I really wanted to torture myself. Throughout the appointment I could barely focus on the conversations around me. Apparently I was noticeably uncomfortable because my nail tech asked me a couple times if I was ok.

Towards the end of the appointment my pussy throbbed from the exertion of holding my bladder. I loved how close I felt to losing control in such a proper place. I ended up making it through the appointment without leaks, paid and left. In the parking lot I decided to let just a little out to ease my drive home. My leggings were black so the people getting in and out of their cars wouldn't be able to notice. A momentary spurt ended up making me more aroused as I drove home with one hand holding myself the entire time.

When I finally made it home, I dashed into the backyard leaking uncontrollably. Then it all poured out of me. As pee flowed down my legs, I slowly rubbed myself to climax. There's nothing that feels better than losing control like that.

Now I'd like to have a similar situation happen to me but after a pedicure when you wear those paper flip-flop things. I want to make it seem like those slowed me down to the bathroom and I had an accident on the way. But that's how my girly perverted mind works

<3 Katiepee

