Confessions

Author: Marin

*000*2013-07-30 01:46

There were two incidents where I told students from my school about my fetishes. One time I was in the library with a girl and her friend who happened to be a boy, who may or may not have been her boy friend. I don't know why, but she suddenly asked, "What's the weirdest thing you've ever done?" She asked her friend-boy. I don't remember what either of them said about themselves but when it came my turn, I told them. "You sure you wanna know?"

"Try us."

"Tell us!" That sort of thing. "We can take it."

"You positive?"

"Out with it man/girl!"

"Okay... I peed my pants."

"That's week..."

"On purpose – in the bathroom."

"That's different." She replied. "Okay, what's said here, stays here!"

Then there was the other time I told my close friends when they were all talking about fetishes. They all had the week fetishes like bondage, dumping water, whipping, you know, the generic fetishes that anybody or every body could have, and when it came my turn... "people peeing their pants, people wearing diapers, people peeing diapers, people holding it!"

"What the hell?!?"

"What's wrong with you!?"

"Aaaawe man!"

Any other interesting confession stories? Someone probably already posted something like this I bet.

*002*2013-07-30 06:22

Only in a divided world like this one do we have to keep secrets like this. It starts from rejection, which leads to shame and fear. We, there for, hide in the shadows out of fear and shame. These are the dividing forces between people that collapse the world community.

