One of my first accidents

Author: karakoi

*000*2013-09-04 01:02

When I was younger, I used to go to church camp. Before the nightly services the adults told us to use the bathroom, because we wouldn't be allowed to go during the sermons.

About ten minutes into the preaching I had the feeling. I had to go. BAD.

I was trying to subtley shift around my seat to ease the growing pain in my tummy. For the next hour all i could concentrate on was the increasing pressure in my bladder, and the fear that i wasn't going to make it.

Then I felt the first tiny leak and fresh warmth in my underwear. I squeezed my legs together as hard as I could and silently begged my body to hold on, but it was beyond my control at that point.

Little by little, the pee trickled out of me, soaking my panties, my white dress, dripping down my leg and off the seat. Urine dripped onto the bible under my chair and a little puddle formed under me.

I turned around (I was in the first row, by the way) and the camp director was just staring at me with no expression, like he did not know what do to.

Well, I didn't know what to do either, so I just sat in my pee for another hour, until the service was over.

Afterwards, I walked into the nearby creek with my dress on, so my mom would think that was how it got ruined.

*005*2013-09-05 22:42

Thanks for the replies, everyone! That's the first time I ever told that story :3 It was def. super embarrassing at the time, but i enjoyed sharing it with you guys, so thanks for that :)

{{ 

I've never had anything as public as that. Mortifying! Good thinking on the creek excuse, although I'm sure your mom wasn't especially impressed with that one.

}}

Lol yea she was used to me ripping holes in my jeans all the time (i was a clumsy kid) so she just sighed off the ruined dress. i think i told her they were doing baptisms in the creek lol (which they were btw!)

*007*2013-09-06 03:11

{{ 

( You might just have created a new Sacrament! ; ) )

}}

@lmao that is my fave part ;p

