Leaking in an Elevator

Author: soakthru

*000*2018-12-14 17:33

This happened a few months ago and it was the first real accident that I have had since I was little.

I live in an apartment building and have to take an elevator to the 13th floor to get to my room. I was out having some drinks at a nearby bar within walking distance of my apartment. When I left and walked back to my apartment, I realized that I was really desperate to pee. Like, REALLY desperate. I had to hold myself and I could feel my bladder bursting. Luckily no one was around to see me desperate and squirming (as much as I get turned on when I'm desperate, I would die of humiliation if I was visibly desperate or wetting in front of others - I like to see girls doing these things but it makes me anxious to even think about it happening to me). I got into the elevator and hit the button for the 13th floor. I was squirming and holding myself as I watched the little indicator above the door scroll through the floors.

It was grueling! I was about halfway to my floor when I lost control and felt a squirt of hot pee shoot into my boxers, through my hands, and down my left leg. I was able to stop the flow and I reached my floor and was able to run to my apartment and make it to the bathroom in time before completely losing control. After I was finished with my business, I assessed the damage and it was not too bad, but bad enough - my boxers had a baseball-sized wet spot and the left leg of my pants was a little wet, but they were dark colored so it was not noticeable. I decided that it was not that bad and I was tired, so I tossed the clothes in my laundry basket so I could wash them in the morning, changed into some pajamas, and went to bed. I'm not really into self-wetting, but I've got to say it was quite an exciting experience.

*020*2018-12-27 20:27

{{On 12/18/2018 at 2:36 PM, PoolBoy said:

Here it is:

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9WvRfpfarI

}}

The CCTV footage reminds me of this great desperation/wetting video :)

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rE5rjvdvX7w?feature=oembed"

