At the cinema

Author: wettingboy3

*000*2013-04-27 22:16

I peed my pants all day. Reading stories about wetting made me horny. At the evening I decided to to the cinema tonight. I changed my already wet pants and went to the local cinema.

Arriving at cinema I bought a beer and a coke and took my seat in the middle of the second line. The line was empty.

When the movie has started after the the commercials I'd drunk nearly the whole bottle of bear and felt some pressure to my bladder.

Whilst the film was going on the pressure increased so I let a little spurt in my pants. In my country there is usually a break between first and second part of the film, people are able to go to the toilets or to buy some new drinks and snacks. During the break I was still sitting at my place, playing a short game on my cell phone, but the pressure in my bladder made me become uncomfortable more and more. I let out a small spurt again, then another, bigger spurt, several times, again and again. 

After a few minutes i felt how my butt and the seat were getting wet. It was awesome! Short time before the movie was ending I took my shirt off (I was wearing a T-shirt under) and wrapped it around my hips and leaved the cinema during end credits as one of the first. I think nobody has noticed my wet pants, because my wet bum was covered by the shirt. The front of my jeans was not as wet as my bum and my jeans were dark blue so after a few minutes you can't see if they are wet or not if you don't know it.

On my way home the pressure increased again very quickly, so I stopped walking and soaked my pants again - completely...

