Wetting while running or walking

Author: OldWetter

*000*2020-03-27 19:49

This covid-19 stay at home stuff is difficult.

I'm an older guy, already retired, so money isn't the issue. Since I'm in a higher risk category, it's just doing all the stuff to stay safe that is a hassle. Ordering all my groceries on line, then scheduling the time to get to the curbside pickup. Not seeing my friends. Not seeing my grandkids. It's all painful.

One of my pleasures is going out for a brisk walk every day. I have a very large park within a couple of blocks that has a mile long running/walking path. It's big enough that there is lots of room for physical distancing. All the bathroom's are currently closed, but since there is a rather large nearby homeless population, I would rather wet my pants than use those bathrooms, even if they were open. Which I do.

When I go for my walk, I try to walk as fast as possible for the exercise, usually 15 to 16 minute mile pace, and I try to cover 4 to 5 miles.

I have a pair of black polyester running pants that I wear and nothing underneath. What's cool about these is that I can pee in them and it isn't very noticable unless you re within the dreaded 6 foot distance. So, as I'm walking, I will often let pee leak out as I have to go, which then dribbles down my leg. I love that feeling.

What I've noticed though is that if I'm walking at my fast pace, it is very difficult to let it out, so it continues to build up urgency without the release. If I slow down to a slower pace, then I can let go and it gushes out. I can still let it out walking fast if I let it build long enough and really focus in letting go. After the first gush, then it gets easier, especially if I have let the pressure build up in my bladder.

I noticed this on a couple of my walks because I ended up not peeing much during the walk, but as i slowed down at my house to end the walk, i would become desperate and pee would practically gush out.

Does anybody else have similar experiences? 7

