My friend's desperation

Author: Wetdiaperboy

*000*2018-01-05 02:54

Thought I'd share something that happened with my female friend a few years back. We had been out in a different city and were making our way back home by train. She had complained about needing to pee for quite a while and was planning to use the toilets at the railway station but we ended up not having time for a toilet break, we would have missed our train otherwise and didn't want to wait for the next one. So we decided to make a run for it and she'd just use the train's toilet.

Unfortunately when we got to the train the toilet was out of order for some unknown reason so she'd have to hold it until we arrived at our destination. So we just sat down and I could see she was getting more uncomfortable by the minute and soon didn't even try to hide the fact that she needed to pee. The journey would only take about 30 minutes but that's an eternity when you really need to go. She sat crossing her legs and pressing her crotch the entire time and even said to me a couple of times that she's about to wet herself. I suggested that we should just get out of the train at the next stop so she can pee and then just go with the next train, but she refused and told me that she'll hold it until we arrive and use a toilet there. She really looked like she was about to burst when we finally arrived at our destination.

When we exited the train and got onto the platform she said that there's no way she'll be able to hold it until we'll reach the toilet which is in the station building at the other side of the station. So she just told me to follow and quickly sprinted to the opposite direction towards a parking lot which luckily had some bushes right next to it. She told me to cover her in case someone comes and pulled down her jeans and panties and squatted for a pee. A minute longer and she would definitely ended up wetting herself.

