Any way to break through the mental lock?

Author: NewBoiHere

*000*2020-01-03 18:17

Hello everyone! I have browsed through the page every now and then, and I decided to try out some of the pee holding challenges and whatnot. I was interested in the experience for some time. But I have encountered something unusual whilst doing the challenge.

I had no previous experience with any sort of desperation play, wetting, etc. I took all the precautions, watching not to get overhydrated, measuring everything, controlling how I feel.And when I was completely full, I just couldn't let go. I think I managed to hold it for quite some time (20-30 minutes I believe). The only way I could finally release it is either during shower (but not on myself for the same reason I presume) or in toilet. And that got me wondering - how can I condition myself to not have that mental block.

Hence my question. Is there any way for me to get used to this? Or should I get full again and just wait till I can't hold anymore?

Thank you for all replies in advance.

*005*2020-01-06 00:25

I actually tried to let go with undies on both wet, on toilet AND in the shower, and I just couldn't do it unless I took of the boxers while in water. I will keep trying since from what I remember from an bed wetting accident that does feel nice and I wanna experiment with it.

*009*2020-01-07 18:52

Actually, update. I did not try the rapid desperation method, but instead just simply held as long as I could. Since now I am trying to lose beer belly, I am drinking a lot of water and tea. So it was rather easy to gather the pee. Even did a full workout while holding. I did not have a pure tension feeling, it was more like pressuring for a couple of seconds, then it went away. And somehow with that I managed to finally let go under shower with my underwear on. That was weird since I wasn't feeling that desperate, but it came surprisingly easy for me to do it. Since it followed @BabyDreams

's advice, I will go down that route for some time, trying out different places. Thank you all for the tips, I really appreciate it!

