When i was younger

Author: terrex21

*000*2011-03-05 04:14

Ok I have made a improved version of this story so i hope you enjoy it

When I was younger when I was in school I us to have wetting problem cause of my shyness. One time that I can somewhat remember is when I was in High school in health class after lunch I was wearing a gray shirt and black pants. I sat in the back doing class and my need to go was only a little tingle. As the class was going on, my need to go slowly increased as time passed by.

Several minutes past so did my desperation I wanted to go up to the teacher to ask if I could go to the restroom but I was to shy to go up and ask the teacher. I look up at the clock to see how much time is left in class to only see it half way thought class and at the moment a little pee escaped but I was able to regain control.

Several more minutes past and there was only 10 minutes left in class but my desperation was not sure if I can even get up without wetting myself. I decide to go up to the teacher trying not to wet myself with every step I take my bladder would groaning for relief I was able to get the desk and I asked the teacher “ If I could get a hall pass to go to the restroom?” But he said “no there is only 10 minutes left.”

With what the teacher said my bladder wall started to contract to let the pee out I started to pee myself but was able to regain back control. I started to walk back to my seat without letting the other student or the teacher knowing about my desperation with every step a little more pee came out till I was able to get back to my seat so I can get my hand in between my legs. At my seat knowing my desperation and knowing I won’t have time to get to a restroom I just said screw it and discreetly wet myself right in the seat.

*002*2011-03-05 07:10

Thanks for the feed back i may take it and add some more detail to make it better.

