Pet Smart accident

Author: AdrblyOrdinary

*000*2014-01-27 01:37

So just to preface, I'm a long time fan of omorashi.org, love this site. I slightly suffer from urge incontinence and have a very small bladder.

I was really hurting to pee and I knew it was now or never. I pulled into the local pet smart as it was the closest place I knew had a toilet.

I rushed in and was greeted by what looked to me as the manager, a small blonde woman in her later 20's early thirty's. She asked me if I needed any help.

I told her I really needed to use the bathroom, and she gave me quick directions, all the way in the back of the store. I was already leaking a bit, but wasn't soaked.

I get to the back, and the men's bathroom was locked, I spurted a bit, and was now doubled over in pain. The occupant opened the door and I tried to stand up so I didn't look as pathetic as I was.

As soon as I closed the door behind me, another wave hit me, this time more pee came out, and I was visibly wet. I scooted over to the toilet, and sat down, slowly leaking pee until I could get my pants down.

I finished the rest in the toilet, and cleaned the bathroom up (I didn't leave any puddles, no worries!) And surveyed the damage.

I had a streak going down each leg, with a pancake sized patch on my front and back.

Knowing that I couldn't hide in here all night, I sheepishly left the bathroom, I made it to the far left aisle, and pretended to browse as I tried to James Bond my way out. Unfortunately, there was only one entrance, exit, guarded by a cashier and the manager, both girls.

I decided haste was my ally, and process to shuffle my way out, trying and failing to hide my obvious failure in making it to the bathroom.

With my head low in shame, I went for the door, when I heard her ask, while trying to stifle a chuckle, "do you need any help sir?".

I sheepishly, almost reactively mumbled no, and started jogging as soon as I left the door way.

This wasn't necessarily planned, but it does happen when I don't properly prepare, or when I feel like taking chances.

