Almost peed myself this afternoon

Author: neverseen212

*000*2015-01-28 09:54

I legitimately almost peed my pants coming home from work today!

I always keep fairly hydrated at work so end up peeing once every hour at least, and usually remember to stop drinking so much before I drive home. Today was a different story! Less than halfway home I started getting a strong urge, and not too much longer it was something I couldnt ignore! I was doing the pee dance in my seat and holding my crotch whenever I could. I realised that I couldnt make it home without peeing, luckily there was a McDonalds on the way! I walked quickly out of the car and into the bathroom. I didnt have enough time to put toilet paper down so I had to squat over the seat, and OMG as soon as I was hovering over i peed a torrent! Completely clear pee, shows you how hydrated I was! There was someone in the stall next to me too, I hope they were impressed :) I sure would have been!

Very very relieved, but after that water I had to go badly again when i got home! This time not so much of a rush but still a nice pee :)

*009*2015-03-08 20:07

I do get caught short quite a bit for someone with a fairly large bladder, I'll leave those for other stories :)

*014*2015-03-11 04:47

Yes I've had a few times (in different circumstances) where I've dribbled a little, or more often, I'll get to the toilet and start peeing in anticipation before my pants are fully down. That's only when I'm extremely desperate though! I've always seen that as a sign of desperation in a female, how quickly she starts peeing once she sits down (or before she sits down!)

