My One Time

Author: SoniaStrummFan

*000*2016-06-07 05:55

I had one experience, which I don't talk about much, but there was one time where I didn't make it. And yes, this is a true story. See, I really, really had to go to the bathroom, but both bathrooms were occupied. I seriously felt like I wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer. I don't think I've ever come closer to losing control over my bladder than I did that day. >.< Anyway, I remembered that I had a diaper stashed away under my bed that I was saving, but desperate times call for desparate measures, so I hurried up and put the diaper on and, and no sooner than I got the diaper on securely did I lose my hold over my bladder. I actually couldn't hold it anymore. Now, if that wasn't embarrassing enough for me, here's where it got really embarrassing. The diaper that I was wearing was a free sample that I got online, so it couldn't hold a lot, and...

I ended up flooding it *blushes and covers face*. It held up for a couple seconds, but then I felt something warm going down my legs and saw that the diaper was leaking! But I couldn't stop, so I had to just let it keep going until my bladder was finally empty. I had put a towel under me just in case the diaper leaked, but I was positive it wouldn't! I'm really glad that I'm a better safe than sorry kind of guy, otherwise, I would have leaked all over my bed. Every now and, I still keep a diaper or two under my bed just in case I find myself in a desparate situation like that again, but so far, I haven't needed to use them, thankfully. :) The moral of this story? If you're going to get free diaper samples online, make sure you check the maximum fluid capacity they can hold. >.< Also, if you find yourself with even a tiny hint of doubt in your diaper's ability to contain an impending wetting, make sure you put a towel or something underneath yourself just to be safe.

