Genuine accident driving home

Author: camptownrider7

*000*2021-04-25 19:51

[MALE WETTING STORY - My first genuine accident]

So I live an hour, 10mins from my original home town and have just been there for the weekend.

Driving home I was becoming ever more desperate with each different country road I turned down. Thus making me incredibly horny and started making plans to record myself wetting my favourite green shorts. That was my plan anyway...

I get... not even 5mins away from my flat and I am at bursting point, legs shaking in the car, heavy breathing, the works. I was so confident I would make it home when it got to the last turn I realised how wrong I was.

In a last minute manoeuvre I pulled off to the side of a quite back road thinking I would just pee a little in the bushes so I can make it home. Wrong again.

I step out my car and I am all over the place, before I even get chance to pull my shorts down, a big spurt of pee escapes my bladder, game over. I realise in that moment there's no turning back. I rush round behind a large shrub, sit down and without any hesitation, start soaking my shorts. And I literally mean soaking, I didn't stop peeing for what felt like hours. I've never publicly wet myself so I am just in complete shock and this genuine wet accident. During all of this I am just getting more and more horny at the thought of what's just happened.

I access the damage and it's not too noticble on my shorts but the back of my shorts were soaked... so whilst it was a very thrilling first public wetting, I'm more annoyed I didn't get myself squirming about on camera. I'll attach a picture of the shorts, as I said it wasn't that noticeable but my boxer shorts were dripping once I got in. Small pee stain on my car seat so I'll be sure to clean that momentarily.

I'm home now and began drinking again because no my libido is through the roof, and my joggers seem like they could do with a good soaking.

Let me know if you've had a similar experience! As well if you like the story I might be tempted to write more Omo' erotica, male & female.

:)$$

