Wet my panties for a friend

Author: OmorashiSenshi

*000*2012-01-04 23:36

As the title implies, I peed my panties for a friend on the site, and I enjoyed it so much I thought I would share some of those stories with you.

The first time we spoke, I was incredibly turned on from reading other people's experiences on the site. And when he suggested that I fill up my bladder and wet, I was all too eager to do so. So I chugged down two glasses of water to add to what was already in my bladder and waited. As we kept talking, it got harder and harder to keep from letting a spurt into my panties, and I told him this. He was hoping for me to let out a spurt and lose control, and that fact only turned me on more.

Before long, I was desperate to pee and was just waiting for his okay to go ahead and do so. And when he told me to let go, I got to my knees on my bed and started to let spurts into my panties, loving the feeling of the warm wetness spreading across the cloth. I was only going to wet a small patch in them, but I didn't want to stop once I started. So I watched as I started to wet my bed through my soaked panties. But I stopped once I realized that I didn't want to sleep in a peed bed, and hurried to the bathroom to finish there.

I sat on the toilet and peed through my panties, about to orgasm just from the wonderful feeling of completely soaking my panties. I hadn't wet like that in forever, and it felt great to have the warm, wet panties pressing against my sex. It was even better that someone else knew I had wet myself like that.

I'm sure you can guess what I did afterwords, haha. <3

