My last vacation. Almost made it!

Author: Zenya

*000*2015-03-14 18:30

So this is another one of my "I was asked to tell a story and decided to post it here"-topics

This one is from 3 years ago where I was on "vacation" in Portugal for a week. It didn't go according to plan, but that's not what this is about ~

The story goes:

I was staying at a hotel, and it was really nice there. One day, I was doing a little sightseeing and eventually I had to pee, because it was very hot so I had been drinking loads of water. Add to the mix my small bladder and you've got a bomb destined to blow.

I was looking around for a public bathroom but couldn't find one. I couldn't ask anyone because I don't speak the language, and barely anyone there speaks english. So instead I decided that I would just have to wait until I got back to the hotel. Then I jumped on the first train back.

I was almost at the final stop when I felt the first drops leak out. I flinched and sat completely still, afraid that any more would come out. When the train came to a halt, I quickly ran out of the train and started heading for the hotel. It was a 5 minute walk, so I kept believing that I would make it.

When I finally reached the hotel, my undies were very damp. I was afraid to check if there was any visible patch on my pants, I just rushed to my room and fumbled with the key, as only being desperate can make you do.

I made it inside, but as soon as I grabbed the handle on the door to the bathroom, I felt it starting come out. At that point, I didn't waste any time trying to get my clothes off, I just jumped straight into the bathtub and let it all loose. The relief was heavenly! When I was done I just filled the tub with water and slipped in for a relaxing bath.

I hope you enjoy this little quick story. I might post more of my past experiences as I get around to writing them down!

