The Mall

Author: theeclipse

*000*2019-02-22 22:30

When you‘re a teenage girl, the mall is a pretty freaking cool place. Whether you have the money to buy anything or not. I remember going there with friends numerous times. One time I remember is when I got pretty desperate.

I had just gotten there with my friend, and was drinking one of those Naked smoothie you can buy at the grocery store. Mighty Mango was the flavor. I remeber because that‘s the only truly good flavor. I didn‘t have to pee yet.

We walked into a store, which I think was Bath and Body Works but I don‘t really remember. My friend wanted to get a new candle, and they were having a sale. I considered buying one, but I wanted to make sure I had enough money for lunch.

Next we went to lunch. I don‘t know where I got my food, but I feel like it was possibly Arby‘s? I got a coke with my meal, and we ate, chatted, etc. When we finished we went into Game Stop and looked around. I was starting to feel like I had to go, but I could wait. Plus, we were walking away from the bathroom.

We went into some other stores, Hot Topic (we had to leave quickly. It‘s expensive and I would have found something to buy. I was a bitch for hot topic), Aeropostale, and more. We tried on clothes, and messed around.

I was starting to need to pee pretty badly, and i was wearing a pair of jeans that was starting to be too small, so they squeezed into my middle a little more than was comfortable. I didn‘t see a bathroom in sight, though. I remember asking my friend where the nearest bathroom was, because I hadn‘t been to the mall TOO much yet. She didn‘t really know.

I don‘t remember much after this, except for having to pee super badly. My bladder felt like it was going to just give out. We finally found a bathroom, and I remember going and it felt so good.

