The day I fell in love with omorashi

Author: Ithink I peed

*000*2021-06-01 15:55

This story may seem very normal and even cliche but this is what led to me realiasing how much I enjoyed wetting myself.

This was about 5 years ago when I was in college and doing a summer internship.

The office was a law firm and one morning I was called in to a meeting and was told to take notes of the conversations. I hadn't slept too well the previous night so I drank a large cup of coffee before the meeting. The meeting went on for 4 hours straight without a break. During the meeting I drank multiple glasses of water and the room was air conditioned and it was all adding up. By the end of the third hour I was constantly shaking my legs under the table, it was so funny that nobody else had the need to take a break.

Although I was very desperate I was too scared to excuse myself as an intern. Thankfully I was able to hold it in and even today I don't know how I did it. When the meeting was over I rused to the washroom and sprinted into the first open stall.

Having survived all the way till here and manageing to keep it in for 4 hours I was relieved that I will be able to let myself go. But little did I know that the real problem hadn't e ven started. So I pulled my kuthi up, held it under my chin and tried to open the knot on my chudidhar and I tried and failed again and again. My palms were sweaty my undies were slowly getting wet and I knew I will not be able to hold it in any longer. I just pulled my kurthi up made sure it didn't touch the bottom part of my body and sat on the pot and LET IT Go!!! And it was the best feeling in the world!!!

Thankfully my chudidhar was black so the wetness didn't really show and since I had a long kurthi I was able to cover it up for the rest of the day.

That day i realiased how much i enjoyed peeing my pants. And since peed myself on purpose multiple times.

*001*2021-06-01 16:16

Please do share your stories.

