Not sure what happened

Author: l0v3ly

*000*2012-05-15 02:38

I had a bit of an unexpected leak in front of a friend the other day. I was at my friend's house because she was cutting and dying my hair for me. Throughout the time I was there I sipped on a Dr. Pepper, but I have an insanely strong bladder so I wasn't at all feeling the urge to pee. Later on in the night my dye was ready to be rinsed out, and I was going to just take a shower to kill two birds with one stone since it was late at night. I was in the bathroom about to get undressed to shower and realized I had not grabbed a towel. So I went into her room to ask for one and realized there was one on the floor right there. I squatted down to pick it up and out of NOWHERE a gush of pee came out of my pussy. I never felt the need to pee or even felt it coming. 

I just squatted there, stunned and confused with my heel pushed up into my crotch to keep myself from wetting more. She started yelling at me to go rinse out my dye because it had now been sitting for too long, but I was too shocked to move....and was worried that if I did, I would wet completely. I've always wanted to have a real accident, but certainly not in front of my friend on her nice white carpet floor and not one like this. I would want to feel the desperation and such. So once I gathered myself up some I quickly got up and practically ran back into the bathroom and finished peeing on the toilet, seriously barely making it. There was quite a large spot on my undies, but only a small one on my shorts thankfully

