Wet bus ride

Author: Peelover97

*000*2020-05-11 05:28

So I'm new here. (Long time reader, first time poster). I was talking to a user (the first of many I hope) and they got me thinking about what first started my interest in omo. And whilst I'm still not sure of that it did bring back memories of an experience several years ago, before I knew I was into omo.... please note this was not a planned hold.

I was travelling home to see my family. The bus ride was long. About 6 hours in total I think. And whilst there were three stops between setting off and arriving at my destination, I usually drink large amounts of water. I had gone to the bathroom at the first and second stop. But part way through the third leg of my journey, my urge to pee was getting stronger. I decided to drink nothing further knowing that this would only make my need to pee worse. Half an hour later my lips were dry and I was thirsty so abandoned that idea and drank half my bottle of water.

My bladder filled and I was enjoying the pleasurable sensation of making my muscles relax and then tense again right before I let a spurt leak. This progressed to letting the smallest amount go... I did this several times. Discreetly feeling my jeans to check for wet patches. Right before we got to the rest stop I let another spurt go, but this time I struggled to hold it back. I queued for the bathroom, and made it back to the bus with the slightest damp feeling area in my jeans. Luckily not visible.

Did any of you have any experiences before you realised you liked omo?

*003*2020-05-13 21:59

Pleased to hear I'm not alone! The more I think about it, the more omo experiences I've had before I knew it had a name!

