Just lost control in a park

Author: lynxkinks

*000*2019-06-03 16:28

So for reference I'm a 5'5 chubby dude with black hair and green eyes. Today I was wearing Jean shorts, black t shirt and my black Adidas sneakers

###

So this just happened not even 2 hours ago.

I was at my community park getting some exercise; just hiking around and staying well hydrated. I had been at the park for about an hour before I felt the need to pee.

I ignored it for now and kept walking which happened to be in the opposite direction of the bathrooms....30 minutes later I really really have to piss.

I stop and consider peeing in the woods but decide I will wait until I get to the bathrooms on account of my layers of clothes and it being tick season.

I figure I can make it. I was very wrong

By this time a storm front had been rolling in for a while and it was beginning to rain a bit. I was about 15 minutes away now and the need was so bad that I had to stop and grab myself every few feet.

Finally I could see the restrooms in the distance and the mere sight made a hot jet of pee shoot out that instantly dampened my blue Jeans.

I could feel my bladder seconds away from releasing but I was where anyone could see me openly peeing as there were still several people out walking or fishing. There were some bushes and trees about ten feet away from me and I shuffled over as pee began to run down my legs more steady.

The second I was hidden, I began pissing as hard as my body could expel a liquid at once, pouring down my legs and off the bottoms of my Jean shorts making a very noisy splatter.

I peed for a solid minute. I checked the damage and my pants were totally soaked.

At this point it was raining fairly hard and I had to leave, walking back to my car almost half a mile in very visibly pissed pants and soaking wet shoes.

###

This is my first ever post so I hope you enjoy!

