My ex. and his sadistic mind

Author: Hunterfreaxx

*000*2012-12-17 06:03

When I was dating Colin I told him about my wetting fetish and he was very excepting of it. (Luckily for me all of my exs are.) after we broke up me and c

And Colin still talked and he did some holdings for me ;) on Thursday however it was different.

I was home sick so he decided I wasn't allowed to pee in the morning and I'd have to hold it till he got home from school. I ended up waking up at 9:30 I hadn't peed since 1:00 am. I was cleaning my room a bit helping my mom around the house all while drinking sweet tea.

By 2:30 I was about 7/10 on the desperation scale. My mom took my sister to the doctors so I put on my favorite wetting jeans. Light blue and they are a size too small. Colin was very excited thinking I'd wet. I t

I told him I might not I might make it till he gets home. So being the ass he is he made me drink more sweet tea. By 2:45 I was bursting. I sat and I leaked a little.

My tight jeans were jabbing my bladder it felt so good though >.< I ended up listening to running water but that didn't make me even dribble. :/ anyway by 3:00 I leaked more. Colin told me wait 15 more minutes. Every minute was agonizing I kept leaking every 5 minutes. At 3:15 I rushed into the bathroom and stood in the shower.

I held until I couldn't wait. I grabbed my iPod and took a vid then I let go. It soaked the whole front of my jeans and it felt wonderful <3 I peed for about 40 seconds which was impressive to me :)

Anyway I have pics and a vid which I might upload one day. I apologize for the sloppiness :( first experience plus I kept pushing post by accident :( hope you all enjoy none the less :)

