My earliest wetting memory

Author: secretomorashi

*000*2012-06-27 09:33

This is just one of those moments in life that you don't know why you remember it, but you know it keeps popping up at the most inopportune times.

I was four years old, and I was sitting on the floor in the livingroom with my little brother. My parents were on the couch and chair behind us, and we were watching Rescue 911. I was so into the show, watched it every Monday night at 9pm. So, I never realized I had to go. I felt it, but I was just ignoring it I think. But I remember doing little hip thrusts on the floor. I was sitting cris-cross, and didn't have the ability to clench when I had to. So I was doing those little thrusts, and my mother noticed it.

"Sissy, go to the bathroom." I remember her saying, and I immediately got up and ran to the bathroom. I don't remember if the mirror next to the toilet distraced me, or if I just lost it, but I remember standing to the left side of the toilet, but still in front of it There was a pressure, then a release and a warmth going down my legs. Being four, and remembering that I was supposed to be a big girl, I remember starting to cry. Loud. Both of my parents appeared at the bathroom door, but could do nothing while the puddle formed at my feet and quickly soaked into the carpet of the bathroom floor.

I was still crying while my mother undressed and cleaned me before my dad came in with clean pajamas. But like most kids, a few minutes later, I was okay, and sat back down to finish the show.

