Desperate afternoon

Author: N564

*000*2013-03-26 17:20

Well, this is my first post (I hope you like it and sorry about the mistakes).

It is about an old friend who I'm going to call "S". and happened a few months ago.

In this day my friend came to see me after school and just when I see her she says me that she needs to pee. Well, she doesn't know but I became so excited with it and decided to play, just a little, with her. After this we went to buy some ice cream and sit down in a park and I lay down on her legs and started to bit her belly. I knew she need to pee very bad and it made her need more and more! After about 2 hours she decided she needs to go home, and I said that I went with her to the bus stop...it takes about a half hour walking.

Just when we left the park she said that she needs to pee really bad and I asked if she wanted to go back to the park, of course she said no and I started to talk about how bad was that moment and things like "when you crash your car and needs to pee, your bladder may explode", and at this point she was crossing her legs in a very sexy way! After 10 minutes I thought a better way to made her desperate I made her laugh and started to poke her and it made her almost pee her pants, she couldn't control herself and crossed her legs so hard and we pass in the front of a fastfood and she asked me to go there with her and she wanna use the toilet, of course I wouldn't let her do this now, and I said that she couldn't do that and said some bullshit and she believe it.

After more 10 seconds we stop because of the cars and she crossed her legs more and more and she was almost peeing herself. But, this time I could see in her face that she wouldn't hold it so long and she said that she was since 5 a.m. without pee (now, it was almost 5 p.m.). At this time we was in a shopping mall and I couldn't play with her so much more...she went into a toilet and stayed there thinking how wet her panties might was...of course I tried to stop her to go and of course she was very desperate!

After a few days I asked her how desperate she was and what was her feeling, she said: "As if my bladder was going to explode".

I hope you like this one...good bye!

*003*2013-03-27 23:27

Thanks ^_^

My first language is Portuguese...

