Beach Bikini Wetting

Author: CEmma

*000*2017-08-24 14:26

So this is my first story so it may not be the best. Here goes!

When I was around 19, I was at the beach with my ex-boyfriend. The night before i had drunk two 2 liter bottles of water and the next morning I had a coffee. It was around 10am that me and him arrived at the beach. I was already in my bikini and my boyfriend insisted that he was not wearing swimming trunks but just wear shorts instead. By the time that we were there at the beach I was already very desperate but i decided to hold on. About two and a half hours later, it was lunchtime. I only had some chips but i had a another liter bottle of water.

After I had an ice cream but i was very desperate and the toilets were ages away. I could not pee in the sand because there were too many people around. Suddenly a wave of desperation hit me and i knew it was time to go to the toilets, whether i could make it or not. So i started off in the general direction and by the time i got to the queue, two more waves had hit me. I was standing in the queue now with 8 people ahead of me and i was so desperate. Just as the person at the front of the queue was going in, one final wave of desperation hit me and i could not stop myself from pissing in my bikini until my bladder was half empty.

A group of people left the queue in front of me so there was only one person ahead of me but luckily two people had came out so i rushed into the next vacant cubicle but unfortunately as i stepped in, my bladder would not hold out and piss came gushing out before i could even get my bikini bottoms off. The warmth of the piss was nice and i was very turned on but there was a stain in the bikini. We went home soon after and had a bit of action later on at night.

That was my first story and to be honest, i am not that good at writing them but i suppose i will get better

*006*2017-08-25 08:04

{{3 hours ago, ilikeemwet11 said:

There was a stain in your bikini? Was it white or what?

}}

Yes it was white!

*008*2017-08-26 08:09

{{6 hours ago, ilikeemwet11 said:

Nice! You must have had some pretty yellow pee to stain your bikini bottoms like that. So when you lost control in the cubicle did you just stand there and pee or did you sit down

}}

Just stand there rlly

