How I made my friend into omorashi

Author: TomatoNLettuce

*000*2012-10-02 00:52

My friend and I still love to go to her place and wet ourselves together. Although I was the one that made her go into this fetish, she was the one that continued making me like wetting and not lose my fetish (If that didn't really made sense, I basically started losing interest in omorashi and she made me regain interest).

It started in her room when we were just talking. We somehow started talking about my bladder problem. I told her how annoying it was to have that problem and how I feel like the only one that wets themselves. A few minutes later, she told me I was wrong and "it happened to me just now", and she stood up, showing the wet spot on her chair and on her jeans o-o. I was surprised at first and thought that was the last time she would do it... but I was totally wrong. The next day, she called me and asked me to go to her house again. When she said "And most importantly, bring extra pants and panties", I knew what we were gonna do ;P We've been doing it for a very long time (For years), but because of school and other stuff in life, we haven't done it as often now as back then. We're planning on meeting soon though.

I'm surprised how addicted she is in omorashi; I'm pretty sure she's into omorashi more than I am, too. At first, she was doing it more or less to make me happy, but as time pass, she's been doing more sexual actions involving wetting (No sex, not with me at least. She also managed to masturbate after losing to a holding contest while I was talking to her on the phone once, unless that orgasm was just my imagination or something else). We did many things together that I won't say here, since there's just too many things to list and explain lol

I hope you liked reading it, I'll probably share certain experiences I had with her later :3

