First Wetting! (that I've announced)

Author: toxicelliott

*000*2016-11-27 07:37

Hello, people!

My name is Cheshire. Certainly, not my real name, but that's the name i'm giving you as of right now.

I've had an account on here for a while and I just read things. I didn't comment on anything. I just read. And I wanted to post something for other people to read.

Today, I started a hold without knowing. My siblings had a basketball game, which I attended. I went to the bathroom there at about 3:20 in the afternoon. That was the last bathroom visit of the day. I got home, made food, at the food and grabbed 4 juices and drank them all in quick succession. I assume you know the strain that will hit your bladder. My bladder isn't weak per say. I'm the person in my family who would rather wait two hours until I get home rather than use public bathrooms, so I can hold.

It was around 8pm when I felt anything and I was simply too lazy to get up to move towards the bathroom. I dared myself to hold until 2am. I succeeded in that and then held on as long as I could after. I went too the bathroom, where I proceeded to do the pee dance until I pissed myself because I wanted to pee on myself.

I did record the pee dance and the accident if you wanna see that. I think that if you listen close enough, you can hear when I start to pee...

MVI_0434.MOV

*014*2017-06-02 03:55

{{On 12/9/2016 at 11:55 PM, TheDarkSpire said:

Long time lurker here. I never planned on posting anything but I'm rather concerned about the attached video, given that the person in the video looks a lot like the girl who ran laineyxloves.tumblr.com before it got deleted. She is, or at least was, a minor at the times the photos on her blog were taken, and I'm not sure if it's her backup blog or someone else (eugh) keeping an archive of it, but there's another blog at vanmaury.tumblr.com with a lot of her photos. If you have the stomach to check it out and compare them to this video, I think you'll agree that there's more than a passing resemblance. I really hope I am just imagining things.

}}

I honestly thank you for your concern. It is gemerous that you're looking out, but i can promise you I am of the age of consent.

