Mega Full Bladder For 6 Hours

Author: BladderFull12

*000*2018-10-29 14:36

A couple of days ago while I was on a car trip with my best friend. Our bladders were put to the test. We had to endure in a traffic jam for 6 hours our very full bladders. That morning we went to breakfast and then we would start driving. It was a long trip we took turns in the car. After three hours driving, I stopped at a gas station to go piss and rest and Jacob took control of the car for the following hours. We could only rest, the toilets were broken. We still were not very full. After an hour on the road. My bladder started asking for relief and Jacob's too. 5 minutes later we had to slow down because there was a quite long traffic jam so we could see through the windows. I started getting nervous because I wanted to pee and now we were standing in the middle of the road with no means to relieve my bladder.

We had waited 40 minutes and began to get restless. The coffee and juice of the breakfast began to ask for release. Our bladders were full and very soon they will be ready to burst. We look at each other nervously. We did not know how long we would be standing there. Suddenly, it started raining, which made us want to empty our bladders faster. We started to romp in the car seat. We take off our belts and open our zippers to give more space to our very full bladders.

We started singing songs as a way to distract ourselves and not think about the immense desire to urinate we had. We were desperate at this point. 2 and a half hours later we had only advanced 5 kilometers and our bladders were about to burst. A while later we discovered that we would be stuck for another 4 hours. There was a big accident ahead and we had to wait for them to clear the road. We were already 4 hours and surprisingly we kept holding. But we did not stop. We were riffs and masturbating to make it harder for us to wet our pants in the car.

To continue.......

