My classmate in the woods

Author: Hercn

*000*2022-06-22 21:35

We're on a week-long class trip abroad, and this happened on the third day.

We're traveling by a private bus, and after a stop, most of us were sitting in the bus, while some of my classmates went to the toilet. Three of the girls found the $1 ticket for it too expensive, because we didn't want to spend too much of the used currency here, and decided to go pee behind some bushes like 15 metres away from the bus. They were really in urge, cause they were pee-dancing while going through the tall grass.

Two of them went further behind the trees, but one girl(whom I'm actually kind of in love with) didn't go too far, and only tried to hide behing the tall grass. Our bus had tindet glass, so we could see out from it, but outside, it was pitch black. I think I'm the only one in the class with this omo fetish, and my eyes got stuck on that girl.

Everything could be seen clearly, cause she was close enough, and she didn't see me staring at her. She pulled down her grey sweatpants, and crouched. Unfortunately I couldn't hear any sound, but I was curious about the hissing, splasing sounds that her peeing could have. I didn't even see her pussy, or her butt, but I didn't even look for that, cause I've seen that very cute freed expression on her face when she let it go. When she stood up, I saw a drip of her pee falling down, and then she quickly put her pants up, cause the other girls were coming her way. I could only imagine her wet panties after not wiping, but I couldn't catch any wet spot on her sweats. It felt incredible seeing something like this in real life.

