My First Wetting

Author: Shoshana

*000*2012-04-01 21:10

I did it last night, and it was amazing. I spent a lot of time on the computer yesterday and yesterday evening I had a beer. Now, I've discussed this with Vickypee and she advised being sober when having an accident, but I didn't remember that until I had had several beers and realized I had to go like mad. :o

So there was really no turning back. Finishing my last beer I forced myself up from the computer, with an intense sensation going on thanks to my bladder. I went to the kitchen and filled up two large glasses of water, then returned to the computer. I forced myself to drink the water over the next half hour or so, and tried to lose myself in chatting online and so forth. But it was getting unbearable, I was incredibly desperate, trying to hold the pee back, and I finally spurted.

I took this as my cue to go into the bathroom. I was wearing jeans and an old ratty T-shirt that I nevertheless love. I got into the shower, leaned back against the wall and waited to see what would happen.

I was pretty buzzed (sorry Vicky) but not drunk. Just feeling good with this throbbing feeling. Another spurt and I felt a wet spot in back. I started feeling kind of silly, standing there alone and intensely desperate, so I decided to let go. So I did.

And nothing happened. Not at first anyway. Now I was really frustrated, wanting to pee but not peeing. Very soon, though, my muscles started relaxing and warm pee started soaking my panties and jeans. It was phenomenal.

So I've been thinking a lot about the experience today and trying to decide my next step. I know I still find others' desperation a bigger turn-on, but this was something special. :)

*004*2012-04-02 21:22

Thanks guys. Thanks Vicky.

