Peeing outside while walking dog

Author: momushu

*000*2017-08-10 21:35

Hello, I am new to this forum but I join to relate to people who share the same interests as me.

I was walking my dog with my girlfriend, we just finished eating dinner and decided to walk the dog before we went to bed. It was late and dark outside and our dog gets aggressive with other dogs so we thought it was the perfect time. This scenario has happened to me twice. As we were walking along the side of a park, she started to say she has to piss and might not being able to hold it. As I saw her walking I started to notice how she was struggling to walk, squishing her legs together with a face of discomfort. I started to act awkward around her as she said "I don't think I can hold it" (she doesn't know about my omorashi fetish).

Then as we walked to the baseball field near us she finally said she couldn't hold it anymore and passed the dog leash to me and pulled down her pants. I told her how people might be able to see but it was dark and no one was out. She sighed in relief as a hard stream of piss came out hitting the dirt beneath her. It was very audible and it lasted for about 15 seconds as it tampered off. I started getting a bit wet as she got back up and I handed the leash back to her. We parted ways as I went back to my house, and I went home I went into my room and masturbated.

Now as for the other story, as we were about to go back into the house, we have to go through a cellar way (she lives with her mom and she lives in the basement.) She really had to go to the bathroom but managed to hold it before she got back to the house, she was squirming as she turned the doorknob but it wouldn't budge. She didn't have a key with her and she had to call her sister to open the door but it was too late. She dropped her pants and pissed very hard on the cement below. It was loud and echoed throughout the cellar way. This got me wet once again and I stood there awkwardly as she emptied herself. I guess she just has a very weak bladder? :)

