Don't Always Make It

Author: MPB

*000*2013-10-29 05:40

Whenever I work the night shift at the bar, I can count on a half-hour long walk home, since none of the busses run that late in my neighborhood. And I don’t always make it.

Many times I’ll leave without even the slightest hint that I have to go. But then, fifteen minutes in, many times it’ll hit me suddenly and I know I’d better hurry. It doesn’t happen every time, but many times, I end up peeing in my pants before I make it home.

Luckily, by that time the sidewalks don’t have many lamps and I can make it the rest of the home unseen, but there was one time that I had to pass a couple that definitely noticed that I’d wet my pants. It was late and I was on my street, about to open the gate to my house when the couple got out of a car parked directly in front of my house. I had to unlock the gate with my back to them and I knew my butt was wet enough to notice. As I locked the door behind me and walked to my door, I heard the lady say she thought I had wet myself.

Just the other night I worked a Saturday night and got out later than usual. I’d stuck around and had a few beers with the kitchen staff and my managers, then left. Not ten minutes into my walk home, I knew I was in trouble. Soon, it became hard to walk. As soon as I walked into the first dark stretch of the walk, the urge overcame me and I let go for a few seconds. I was able to cut off the rest, but not for long.

My outfit didn’t help out either. It was a little cold out, so I wore a light gray jacket with khakis that showed everything.

So I stood there, in the dark, holding a fence, peeing in my pants. I walked home as fast as I could, but a few cars passed me on the way.

Most of the time, when I wet my pants, it’s at my front door. Either I can’t get my key to work, or I can’t find my keys in my bag, and I just can’t help but let go. It’s almost as if my bladder says, “Okay, enough is enough.”

I still make it home most of the time, but end up peeing myself probably 30% of the time. My boyfriend isn’t into it or anything; he just laughs and thinks it’s cute.

