Had my First Real Wetting Tonight

Author: pontiac450

*000*2015-12-11 04:22

Hello!

So, uh... I'm fairly new here, but you guys have really grown on me.

This is one of my first real posts, so... I guess I'll go into it.

Anyways, I've never done a real and true wetting. Sure, I might wet in my boxer shorts before a shower, but I mean like a full on pants wetting.

Anyways, I had been holding it since about 4 and drinking water. I was watching YouTube videos and studying for a test. I was wearing a grey T-shirt and a pair of skinny jeans with blue boxer shorts. At this point, my desperation was at about a 6 or low 7. Fidgety, a little grabby, but nothing too intense. I got a towel and folded it up on my chair.

Usually I do this all the time because it's comfortable to sit on, but it has other uses.

Cut 40 mins later. I'm at a 9 now and trying to clean my room.

Putting away laundry, moving stuff, throwing away loose trash and whatever. I'm constantly doing a pee-pee dance and grabbing my bro-bits.

I feel a spurt in my jeans while bending over to pick up a sock. Oh well, I just tried to ignore it.

It left a small wet spot the size of a quarter.

Okay, it's 7:00. I can probably last till 7:30. I keep cleaning.

My desperation is at a 9.5 now.

I can barely even stand still, let alone sit.

Waves of desperation hit, each one a little more overpowering than the last.

I can feel my bladder releasing, dribbling into my pants.

I quickly run to the bathroom, lock the door and hop into the tub.

There's barely enough time for me to pull my socks off before completely flooding my jeans.

It felt so good, the hot piss pooling in my crotch before running down my legs.

The pee pooled at my feet and my jeans were completely drenched.

This was my first real wetting, but for sure not my last.

I want to thank everyone for helping me build up the confidence to wet myself.

Yes, even you. In the back. The one eating Lucky Charms.

