Getting desperate during an online workmeeting

Author: Newby

*000*2022-05-31 15:58

For some time now I work from home, so today I had four one hour meetings back to back. Normally there is always a little bit of time in which I do not have to participate activly, so I just mute myself and go to the toilett or do whatever. This time during the meetings we had to have our cameras on and I had to participate. Also I am a big coffee and sparkling water lover, so when the fourth meeting started I was already on my third coffee of the day and had been drinking like one and a half bottle of water and felt a slight need to pee.

So the last meeting of the day started. I could keep my camera off but had to share my screen, since the meeting was about my colluege showing me how to navigate a system which we use. Also the camera was off I could not leave my computer alone since my colluege was telling me what I had to do next within the system.

But I like a challange and also a bit of desperation so no problem for me - I thought.

After 45 min of wiggeling in my chair the urge to pee got stronger. Only 15 min left, I thought to myself - come on, only 15 more minutes. At this point I was wiggeling frenetically in my chair, standing up pushing my hand against my crotch pressing my legs together - desperation was huge! My concentration was non existing, my colluege asked me why I was so distracted, since I had not moved the cursor. That was it for me, only 5 minutes left but I could not hold it any longer, I just couldn't! I managed to stand up just in time before my bladder bursted. I pissed my pants, peeing would not describe it well enough I really pissed them. I just stood there navigating through the system with the directions from my colluege in my ear wetting myself. The feeling was awesome! Of course I like the warm feeling and the relief, but I really enjoy wetting myself while I see or hear other people.

So now I think maybe I will keep a towel near my workingspace just in case

I hope you like my story!

