My Bedwetting (w/ pics)

Author: Mathdl

*000*2022-05-08 11:35

Hi everyone,

So, I've never been a bedwetter since I've been potty trained. I only had once an accident when I was 7 or 8 where I had THAT dream...

I've been into omo for some years now but recently I wanted to try and have bedwetting accidents. I tried drinking a lot of water as everybody does and of course it doesn't just work like that. I'd like to add that I can pee in any positions in bed with or without a diaper easily. One night came the idea of drinking a lot of beer just before going to sleep, so i drank quickly two 50cl belgian beer ("Rince Cochon") just before bed.

$$

As you can see it's 8.5% abv and beeing around 65kg for 1.8m I was pretty drunk and tired. I put on an Abena M4 and got to sleep (I generaly wore diapers as i find doing laundry a pain in the a**). I slept like a rock and next morning i woke up with an empty bladder and a full diaper, I was genuily happy . (I do not recommand drinking to much alcohol nor drinking frequently, it is bad for your health)

One week later I was feeling naughty and wanted to have an other bedwetting accident, but this time with less protection. So i did the exact same : two beers just before bed. The exception beeing I'd be fully clothed with just a pullup underneath.

This time I did not had a genuine accident , I woke up and really needed to pee, so I did. Of course as I had predicted I leaked. The warmth was so good .

$$

$$

I tried to went back to sleep but couldn't (I have trouble sleeping in a even slightly wet bed). So 30 minutes later I ripped and throw away my pullup to empty the rest of my filling bladder in my bed :

$$

$$

I then got up throw my wet clothes and bed protector away and put on an abena M4.

I went back to sleep. I've been woken up some time later by a need to pee, I went into my diaper and got back to sleep.

What a night, I whished i'd just slept through it though.

My diaper that morning :

$$

I'm sorry if i posted this thread in the wrong category, for me it made more sense to post it in the Omorashi category than Omotsu.

Have a good day everyone.

