A common occurence

Author: wetpatch23

*000*2014-07-10 19:22

Hello everybody, Im fairly new here and thought Id share a couple recent experiences.

I haven't had a chance to have much wet fun of late, Ive just been too busy with work and I still live at home so it doesn't afford me the most ample time to indulge in peeing. But on to the fun.

The other morning I woke up to the house to myself and a full bladder thanks to the couple beers I had the night before. I grabbed my laptop and brought it with me into the bathroom to peruse my favorite wetting sites and check for new updates as I do daily. I found a couple videos I had not seen before so I queued them up to play sequentially and as the people in them began to pee themselves I did as well, squatting over an old towel that needed to be washed, peeing in short bursts. I love peeing slowly in bursts and feeling it pool under me and spread slowly, creating new and bigger wet patches with each one. As the videos finished I stood up and pushed a little and let the rest of my pee out, soaking the front of my PJ pants and cascading down my legs. When I finished I threw everything in the washer and hopped in the shower to clean up.

Two days later I did the same thing only this time I swapped out the PJ pants for an old pair of long underwear I like to pee in. Theyre pretty tight to my skin and hold a lot of wetness before the pee starts to drip out. They also darken and show the wet spot nicely. I tried to take a picture but it didn't come out well, perhaps next time. Theres always a next time!

