Skinny Jeans are a Game Changer

Author: MM68063

*000*2020-01-02 19:20

For years I have been wetting in the type of jeans that myself and most other men usually wear. They aren't real form fitting.

Last summer I decided it was finally time to purchase a pair of skinny jeans to make things more interesting. They are a light shade of blue and the waist size is 2 inches smaller than what I normally wear. They are super tight.

I wet them shortly after purchasing them, but I wasn't too happy with the results. I stood up straight and most of the pee ran straight down one leg. It didn't turn out much different than my old jeans.

This morning I decided to wet them again and they got completely drenched. My bladder was only about 75% full, so I was shocked at how wet they became. I chose not to wear any underwear. I then went into a slight squat position and angled my penis directly down the middle. I stayed in this position for the duration of the wetting. At first it pooled in my crotch area before cascading down. My pee wrapped around my entire left leg from my crotch down. My right leg was completely wet from the knee down with a dry strip on the outer thigh. Even the back side was wet starting at just below my butt. It sort of looked like a woman had wet these jeans.

*002*2020-01-04 14:55

{{On 1/2/2020 at 3:36 PM, WetDave said:

Get some pictures next time please! I love to see a nice men’s package outlined in tight wet denim.

}}

Definitely going to take pictures next time. I'll post them here.

*003*2020-01-26 03:49

I wet them again and took pictures this time.

$$

$$

$$

$$

