Peed in a parking lot (true accident)

Author: Wettinglady46

*000*2022-07-21 03:00

I’m new here, my first post disappeared so I’m going to try another one with a different story and see what happens. I have a seriously leaky, weak, awful bladder. Everyone who knows me knows this.

Anyway, on this day I am meeting my oldest son at lunch with my two younger kids. My older son is 20ish at this time so he drove there from his home. As I’m driving there I realize I need to pee, and I peed 10 minutes ago before I left. Ugh. But its only 5 minutes farther and I’ll be fine. WRONG. Those 5 minutes for whatever reason made my bladder expand. But I’m holding on, and I can make it. I couldn’t run in to the gas station also in the same parking lot until my older son got there because of the littles. He pulls up a couple of minutes later and I hurriedly stand up to say to him stay here with them, I can’t wait to get seated to pee. 

But when I stood up everything rushed out of me. Like I never even felt it happening, just felt wet. So I look down, behind my door, and turn red, and see my soaked pants and the puddle. I’m dying of embarrassment. I handed my son my card and said please go in to that store and buy whatever black leggings they have. He’s like what? I said I have apparently just peed myself so I need you to go buy me new pants. His eyes widen and he says ok be right back. I stood in the door of my car so I didn’t get my seat wet and hoped no one saw. He runs out with a sack and I quickly change in my car, going commando after that, because I am NOT asking him to buy me underwear!!! We had a good laugh about it later, but I wanted to die.

I want to note that I would never intentionally wet with my kids around, however my bladder has often had other plans, and when it happens I could die of embarrassment. This was a first for me with the feeling of zero control, usually I can hold back some!! I didn’t care for it much and I hope it never happens again.

