An unplanned semi-accident

Author: n0comment

*000*2020-09-10 00:05

A few months ago, friends and I did a river float. We stayed at a house in this rural area with a big river, and during the day we planned to float a stretch of the river on inflatable inner tubes. The float would take about 3 hours, and we brought alcohol with us. I planned on just peeing my swimming trunks in the river when I needed, and the need definitely arose after a couple of hours of drinking. I was looking forward to it. But for some reason I just couldn’t make myself go. I tried, but I was either not in the right position, or I feared someone would know, or I just couldn’t make it happen. It wasn’t a big deal until we came to the end of the float and I was absolutely bursting for a piss. The need became much more intense as I stood up, exited the river, and walked to the car.

Every step tested my bladder. I would have to wait until we got back to the house now. I drove everyone back to the house, bladder aching, the whole time wondering how much pee the cloth seat would absorb if I couldn’t hold it. Every bump in the road tested my bladder. We arrived back at the house, and lo and behold, someone else ran into the bathroom before I could! At this point, the need was so bad I could hardly stand up straight. I couldn’t stand still, either, so I had to distract myself with something. I started putting the inner tubes away, tidied up some things, then pretended to tidy up other things so my pacing and fidgeting would seem inconspicuous.

I hadn’t had to pee this bad since probably the last time I peed my pants. I’m seriously going to have an accident, right here in the yard, I thought. Then the bathroom door opened. I rushed in, but my need was so bad I didn’t even want to bother pulling my trunks down and aiming. I was at a point where I was just looking for a safe place to piss myself. I went straight into the shower and let it flow. It flowed for minutes in streams down both legs. So much warmth and relief. With my hand, I cupped my dick and the pee was hot as it rushed out and across the front of my trunks. I was incredibly turned on and all the more since I just had an unplanned semi-accident and got away with it.

