How it all started

Author: sm18

*000*2012-08-23 00:59

After a long night of beer drinking I got back home drunk and went straight to bed. Around dawn it felt like I was having a dream - I was taking a nice long leak on the side of a road when suddenly my shorts began to feel warm. Before I could even fully wake up, I'd let it all out.

So there I was, in the middle of my bed, in my pee. The first thought that came to my mind was how the hell did I not wake up when I had to go. Still a little high from all the drinking, I just sat in there. There was little I could do now except change my clothes. The bed was already wet and there was no way it was drying off any time soon.

I don't know what got over me but instead of getting up and changing, I lied down again and with my body back on the mattress the pee which by now had made a little puddle quickly trickled up, outlining my body. I quite liked the warm feeling across my clothes and I wanted to try something else so I just rolled over a little till my t-shirt was wet and so was the left side of my face.

I pressed my hand down on the bed and rubbed both my palms, as if not to miss a single inch and slowly drifted back to sleep. I woke up again at around 11 in the morning and this time instead of going to the loo, I peed right there - again - all over myself and let the warmth take over once again.

That was 4 years back - the first time I'd wet my bed as an adult and there's been no looking back since. I do need to change my mattress more often though.

*002*2012-08-27 16:16

{{ 

I some times wet my bed on purpose.What I do is put a rubber sheet on the bed and start drinking alot of liquids several hours before bed that way I can wet it when im still awake.I love the feeling !

}}

Yep I do that now too. It's a great feeling and such a convenience. ;)

