Piss Pants Challenge

Author: Candi Apple

*000*2019-07-12 16:28

Last night I did a piss holding challenge. I drank so much that I flooded my pants with piss. I'm challenging you to do it. If you do piss your pants, you have to reply with the picture and which punishment you chose.

1. Wear tight pants. Girls: Leggings, tight jeans. Boys: Jeans

2. Drink 2 bottles of water. Wait 30 minutes then continue.

3. Sit down and lean forward while pushing on your bladder. Hold this for 30 seconds.

4. Drink one more bottle of water and wait another 15 minutes.

5. Now you have a choice. You can either drink another bottle of water and wait another 15 minutes, or you can drink half a bottle of water, but have to wait 5 minutes punching yourself really hard on your bladder once every 30 seconds.

6. Now just wait ten minutes.

7. Poke your bladder very hard 50 times.

8. Lay on your stomach with a ball on your bladder for 1 minute.

9. Do 50 jumping jacks, 10 sit-ups, and 5 push-ups.

10. Sit down and spread your legs out as wide as you can, and lean forward as far as you can. Hold this pose for 1 minute.

11. Sit for 15 minutes without holding with your hands or crossing or squeezing your legs.

12.Lay down on your stomach with a ball on your bladder for 2 minutes.

13. This one you need someone else for. If there is no one else, drink a bottle of water and wait 15 minutes while listening to a glass being filled. If you have someone there with you, let them tickle you for 2 minutes.

14. Sit on a toilet fully clothed for 2 minutes.

15. Drink a bottle of water and sit without holding with your hands or legs for 15 minutes.

If you completed these without completely soaking your pants, congratulations! You can go pee wherever you want to. If you failed, you have to pick a punishment.

1. Go out in public in a diaper. You can't wear anything over it. You must stay in public for 1 hour, using the diaper at least once.

2. Go to a friend, neighbor, family member, or a random person's house and pee your pants. Make it seem like an accident. Ask them for a change of clothes afterwards.

3. You have to make a video of yourself peeing your pants and post it on all of your social media sites.

Have fun!

