A holding

Author: ILikeToWet

*000*2014-07-16 20:41

Today was the day I held until I literally couldn't hold it anymore. It couldn't of gone better. It....

Oh. You want to hear the story? Well, Ok.

It all started when I decided I was going to hold. And I was ganna hold good. I made a promise to myself to NEVER let go unless it's already rushing down me. So then I could enjoy what it FEELS like to have a REAL accident. It was going to be so fun.

So I got started right away. I got some sweat pants to wet in, I put them on right away. I got some glasses of water, and I got my computer. I rushed getting all of these things and sat down right away. I sat down, with computer on lap. Drinking as much water as I could. While wearing sweatpants.

I only felt a little after like a half an hour.. I wasn't expecting it to feel a lot all in 1 blow, but I wasn't expecting to feel near-to-nothing either. So I drank a bit more. And I had an idea to put my laptop on my bladder and push a little. Oh my gosh did that pushing change me. 

After like 2 minutes of dong it while on my laptop I started squirming. I was about 6.5/10. I still kept my laptop on my bladder, but it did get a bit difficult. I was enjoying the holding so much. I wanted to make it a bit more difficult for myself. So I got up, and just that getting up made me a 7. I could feel pee sloshing in me so I Held my crotch a bit. I got to the sink, and slowly turned on the tap. I immediately squeezed my crotch. I think I even moaned a bit. So I turned it off quickly. I was about an 8.5/10 now. I got back to my computer, and put my laptop back on my bladder. I had to cross my legs really hard. After awhile I was like a 9/10. I got up and spurted. I went outta my room, into the kitchen, and put the tap back on. That's when I started spurting uncontrollably. It then just rushed all out of me. I couldn't even stop it. It felt so warm and nice :)

I'm SO ganna do that again

Sorry I don't have pics D: I don't have a camera.

PS: I'm sorry it's not that long, it's my first time writing something like this.

*004*2014-07-17 04:33

Thanks :D ill be sure to share! :D

