Ice fishing with consequences

Author: pillowmonster2

*000*2015-09-03 14:01

Hi

I've never told anyone about this. It actually happened a few months back. I was out ice fishing with some of my fellow students.

After about an hour I felt the urge to pee, but it was really cold, som I didn't want to pull down my pants in the woods. I decided to wait. Usually I can hold it for hours, so I thought it wouldn't be a problem.

After two hours I started to feel a bad pressure, and decided to leave the others and get home. It was about a 25 minutes walk to the bus, which only went once every hour, so I had to run to make it. As I approched the bus it drove away, unfortunately I was about 2 minutes late. Now I started to feel desperate. I could wait in the cold for an hour, or start walking the 50 minutes. I sat down crying, but then decided to walk.

After about 15 minutes walking I felt a pressure building up and a tiny squirt came out. It was the first time I actually lost control, but I managed to hold the rest. On the rest of the way 4 more squirts came out, one stronger than the other. My panties were damp, but it was impossible to see it on my jeans.

I got on the train, and sat with my legs crossed the entire journey. Actually it went okay, but now it started to hurt. But all I needed to do now was to get over to the subway, take the subway two stops and walk for five minutes. I made it this far, and wasn't about to give up.

On the subway I couldn't think of anything, but to pee. I got off and started walking home. About 50 metres from the entrance my bladder was too full. Every step I took a big squirt of pee came out. I decided to run, to get home as quickly as possible. Pee was dripping from my jeans as I ran. Everyone could see it. I got to my door, opened it, closed it behind me and was about to go to the toilet to finish peeing in there, but too late. My bladder decided to empty itself there and then. Pee gushed out, I got entirely soaked, all the way to my socks.

