Accidentally got more involved with this kink just trying to get off after work

Author: ClimbCaroline

*000*2021-08-22 01:38

So I've been into wetting/desperation pretty much as long as I've been into anything, but never done more than watch videos or read poll results until today. I came home from work needing to pee, and decided I wanted to just get off before showering bc I was sweaty and gross anyway. I was trying to get off quick so I could shower but while I was touching myself I just leaked totally uncontrollably for the first time ever. I guess I didn't really notice how much I needed to go but all of a sudden I was super desperate and also turned on, especially after feeling it come out. I decided since I'd already leaked and could feel a wet spot, I might as well try to make myself have an accident.

I started doing polls on my phone and leaked a lot more, so much that I could feel the crotch of my shorts was totally soaked and the wet patch was down the thighs of my shorts too. At one point I leaked for like 10 seconds and had to grab myself to stop. By that point I was so wet and my clit was so sensitive. While I was doing a challenge and pressing my bladder on the counter, I had to grab myself to stop leaking and came basically immediately. I wet for like 20 seconds before I was able to get it under control, then finished going in the shower after taking my shorts off.

I'd never had the guts to make an account here or actually wet myself before today happened but it was super hot and I got off really fast.

*007*2021-09-02 04:35

{{On 8/31/2021 at 2:26 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Welcome to this forum, I hope you enjoy your time here.

If you don't mind me asking, what kind of shorts were you wearing? (You don't have to answer if you don't want to)

}}

They’re like mid-thigh leggings really, I wear them under looser shorts at work. I work at a climbing gym so I like to have a little more coverage than most panties offer, and they don’t ride up when I belay.

