Kindergarden Wetting

Author: lil-ashamed

*000*2016-05-28 22:46

Hi! You will be reading the first ever experience of wetting in public that I had :)

I remember that I was late to school that morning so I had rushed to get ready and forgot to go to the bathroom. While my mum was driving me to school I had felt an urge to pee. But me being a kid, decided that I could hold it. My mum dropped me off and I rushed to the classroom. They were having story time, which I did NOT want to miss! I remember grabbing my crotch, desperate for relief. As my teacher continued on with the story I was squirming, so ready to let go. A friend of mine must have noticed because they had asked what was wrong. "I need to pee really badly." I explained to my friend. They asked why I wouldn't just go, and I replied that I didn't want to miss story time. A few minutes later I must have had a wet spot on my undies (which you could see under my skirt) and was about to have an accident.

My teacher had finally finished the story and all the other kids had sat up from the rug and returned to their seats. Now that story time was over, I could finally use the bathroom! I waddled over to the toilets, which were in the classroom. As I tugged on the door, I heard a muffled voice say "Just a minute!" I was so desperate and doing the potty dance, grabbing my crotch and starting to get teary eyed.

I thought that while I was waiting, I should go get a drink! Which turned out to be a bad idea. After I got my drink, the person left the toilets. Good right? I guess but just as I was about to open the door again my bladder couldn't control itself and went loose. My pink skirt started to get a dark patch on it and I started to cry. My teacher helped me get changed and told me that everything would be okay.

That was it! The first wetting experience that I have had in public, that I can remember. Also, the kids were staring at me as I had my accident, so embarrassing!

Should I share more? :)

