My desperate crush

Author: Anonymous.girl

*000*2017-08-04 00:05

Ok so this happened In class when I was in 7th grade. The boy I was by was shifting around awkwardly. I knew what was up. Class has just started and there was an hour and 30 minutes of class... I remember from lunch he chugged down 3 bottles of water and that was two hours ago. He couldn't stop squirming around and that really got me distracted. He asked the teacher to go pee and she said "no, go sit down and do not ask again" he sighed as he walked back to the desk. I asked him if he was ok and he whispered "no this is embarrassing I haven't peed since this morning.. I'm not gonna make it" I felt bad for him but I was oddly aroused.. he had on light blue basketball shorts with some Jordans. He then gasped and grabbed his dick really hard. I noticed a small wet spot on his shorts.

I knew he was about to loose it all. So I decided to tease him. I pulled out a bottle of water and took a couple of sips and put the lid on it.... i "accidentally" dropped it and seeing that water shake around caused him to loose another drop of pee.. there was now an hour left of class and he was bursting.. he had a huge lump where his bladder was and he couldn't stop holding himself.. he had a big wet spot on his shorts already from leaking. 10 minutes later he had both hands holding his Dick tightly trying not to loose control. 

The teacher then saw how desperate he was and allowed him to go to the bathroom. He got the pass and while he was walking to the door he stopped and lost all of it.. he couldn't hold it anymore! Everyone was in shock and nobody made a sound... no one even laughed. I knew it was gonna happen and then the teacher told him to go to the nurse. No one mentioned any of it ever.. he was still really popular and ever since then, the teacher never said no to anyone asking to pee.. well that's my story about my crush hope you liked it

*006*2017-08-05 02:17

Glad y'all liked it

