Genuine accident in grey cargo pants

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2022-01-04 11:19

Hi All and Happy New Year!

Yesterday I visited a naturist couple that live nearby and spent a couple or three hours with them - total nakedness is so levelling and empowering btw and Naturism is something I enjoy that I haven't shared here because it isn't 'on topic' but if anyone would like to chat please message me.

Anyway, but the end of my visit I was desperate to pee so used their loo before I left, for interest, I never shut the door there - what's the point? After I left I was going to do some shopping at a store 15-20 mins down the road. Before I had been 10 mins on the road I was desperate again. I had to pull in at the first opportunity which happened to be a dirt access track for forestry trucks. At this point latch-key syndrome took control and as I desperately tried to get my seat belt off, open the door and get my pants undone I could feel the pee spurting out in spasms and by the time I was free there was a soaking wet patch on the front of my grey pants about the size of two hands together. It was quite obvious that I had peed myself. 

After I had finished I sat for a minute and pondered what to do about the store. I really needed some of the things on my mental list so decided to go anyway and brazen it out. By the time I arrived - about 10 mins afterwards - the wet patch, although still plainly visible wasn't shouting, 'this guy just wet himself'. So I walked round the store with a drying patch showing, it felt very naughty and at the same time a little liberating almost because, although I have wet in public before it has always been a managed situation and the exposure has been tightly controlled so to speak. This was different, I had wet myself quite badly and it was as though I felt it was less necessary to hide it because it was purely accidental and I was a victim of circumstance instead of a guy using a location for his own ends.

Anyway, it was fun and I thought I would share.

Stay wet'n'happy,

Roger.

