Door locked itself

Author: keyaru-sama

*000*2021-02-25 13:58

I drink a lot of water. That's because I get dehydrated a lot. I can gulp down nearly 2-3 large bottles of water (1500ml) in a day. That results me in needing to pe a lot. But it doesn't matter since there's a bathroom in the apartment that I live in alone. But a few days ago the door starts to lock itself on its own. I don't know why but it's a hassle and gets annoying sometimes. Especially when I need to pee. I had close calls before but today was unlucky.

Though I had a few drinks (coffee and water)for a while, it all started filling up around 5pm. I went to buy food needing to pee a bit but I managed. When I got home, I ate dinner and drank another. Then I went to do school stuff. I drank water a lot and it started to fill up quickly. I tried to concentrate on my work but it was hard when my bladder is filling up quickly. I decided to have some fun and let a few drops out and tried to stop it. I ended up emptying half of my bladder but I still needed to pee. I continued on my work and drank another cup. It went by quick and my bladder wanted to let it all out. I made a dash for the bathroom but to my dismay, the stupid thing locked itself. I tried to get my keys but it was too late. A puddle quickly formed beneath me and my shorts were soaked. Thankfully I live alone and my grandparents that live next door are out of town for the week. Next time I hold I'll try to get a video.

P.S. clean up was not fun. Especially if you don't have a mop in your apartment.

$$

