Schoolgirl Desperation

Author: John Madden

*000*2017-05-02 22:59

This happened to one of my friends about three months ago, for privacy purposes, names will be changed.

Brianna had been desperate ever since the morning. She had woken up late and had no time to use the restroom, because her mom was very strict about not being tardy..

So, we get to homeroom and I sit right next to Brianna for home room and chemistry (our first class). We had a quiz, so our chemistry teacher was meaner that normal today. I notice her squirming in her seat. Our chemistry teacher was very adamant that no child shall leave his class unless it was an absolute emergency. Brianna began to tear up because she was way too shy to admit that she couldn't hold in her pee. Chemistry is almost two hours long, and so she began to get flustered. I whispered to her, "what's wrong?" even though I knew what was wrong, I wanted to hear her say it. "I'm about to wee in my best panties." she responds.

No one knows about my fetish except me so I was trying not to sound too excited when she said this, but it was really hot to watch her squirm. all of a sudden I hear her go

"no, not yet, not yet." And I see a small wet spot appear on her jeans, unfortunately for her, she has drawn the attention of the whole class and the teacher. The teacher asked why she was being so loud during a quiz. all of this humiliation was too much for poor Brianna's bladder and she let loose, peeing for a solid minute or two. when the stream finally slowed, she cried and immediately ran to the nurse.

Brianna and I were bf and gf at the time, so when I talked to her later, she had confided in me that it had secretly turned her on to wet herself like that. A lot more happened between us, but that's for another time..

