Wetting my panties with a surprise twist(warning wetting and messing)

Author: LilMissMandi

*000*2018-04-05 23:58

So today I started out holding after I peed after my seccond cup of coffee around 1130. I was directed to drink a large bottle of water I will show a photo. Then I went out to smoke some weed. Well I ended up running in to use the toilet so I didn't wet myself in front of my grandma to make up for it I started chugging a soda. I finished my soda and was feeling really desperate already again and had to make it to at least 5 when my gramma left so I let out 5 secs in the toilet and got another pop and refilled my water bottle. I finished the pop and most of the water bottle by the time she left and then I proceeded to vacuum the rug like I was supposed to. 

I had to hold my crotch and dance around the whole time. I was very desperate by now I went to my room and took off my leggings and slippers and danced squirmed over the bucket until I couldn't hold on anymore I crouched down as piss started dripping from my pussy first a slow trickle but then there was a wicked hiss! And a strong stream burst out! And all of a sudden I felt my bowels release as well I couldn't do anything to stop it I helplessly waited for the torrent of piss and the eruption of shit to come to a stop before I collected myself and started for the bathroom to clean myself up. Because to be honest messing isint my thing it was a complete accident but I thought some of y'all would enjoy

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

$$

*004*2018-05-25 21:33

Thank you

