Girl Friend wetting a pad

Author: ian flemming

*000*2017-07-27 13:54

I had mentioned in another thread that I had a video of my ex girl friend wetting a pad

So here it is.

It was late and we had been up most of the night making wetting videos , the intent was to edit and try to sell. Never happened ,but was a lot of fun .

She sadly was very much not in to it.

%pad.MOV

*003*2017-07-28 02:19

She was cute.

I still talk with her sometimes.

It ended pretty rough though I must admit ,

I took her fishing in Alaska , and that season was really bad .

I filled bankruptcy at the end and she had her credit trashed because she couldn't pay her bills.

Bad times

*005*2017-07-30 20:45

{{On 7/28/2017 at 0:10 AM, phoenix80803 said:

Sorry man. I hate to be a buzzkill but this really belongs in video links. I really hate doing this and sorry again.

}}

If somebody wants to. I've it over there I'm all for it.

But truth be told it was a bit of a experience.

We had set the day up, to just run around and gave her wet as many things and as much as possable.

We started with her wetting a pair of sweats, then a pair of pull-ups.

Just her plain panties in one of them .

Like I said she very much was not in to it .

But she had the bladder control of a child. So it was fun to just keep it cycling water.

This was the last video of the day , sadly we had been fighting leading up to this.

She was convinced that I was cheating on her with a girl I worked with. ( I've written about that girl on here)

3 days after this video we were done.

To me I look at these films and they do nothing for me . Because I miss her

And these are just shadows of what we were.

Ian

*006*2019-01-23 02:49

Some people were looking for this video .

