Scared to admit...

Author: WetSecret

*000*2017-09-19 13:49

I think I've always had an obsession with wetting. I remember as a child, creeping into the trees at the top of our garden and peeing on the ground. The interest has only grown as I've aged. I'm lucky that my partner is very open-minded and we often partake in watersports but for some reason, I'm afraid to admit to him that I like wetting myself. I don't know why, but I can't bring myself to tell him.

My fantasy is that we will go out somewhere and I will accidentally wet myself because I have no other option. Unfortunately, until I get the courage to admit this to him, I have to be happy with wetting when I'm alone in the house.

As I type this, I'm desperate to pee. My bladder is so full that if I stand, I will leak. My mind is screaming that I forgot to lock the front door and anyone could walk in but I know if I move it will all be over. My bladder has never been strong, I often leak if I sneeze or cough. I'm wondering If I will make it to the wooden floor when it finally goes. I am on a leather sofa but don't want to ruin my carpet.

The desperate feeling of my full bladder is amazing. It's like an addiction, knowing that it could let go at any moment. I must now type with one hand. My other tightly on my crotch trying to hold in the pee. A short burst shot out and I can feel a damp patch where its soaked through my panties and into my light blue bottoms. The feeling excites me and it's hard not to rub myself but if I do the pee will pour out and I want to hold it as long as possible. I've had three coffees but feel like I'm holding gallons inside. Another spurt escaped letting me know that I can't hold much longer.

I must leave this now as in a few minutes it will all be over. I'll dash across the room to the wooden floor. The pee will be pouring as soon as I stand. Once every last drop has dribbled down my legs I'll go for a shower where I will quench my excitement.

I pray for the day when I will be brave enough to share this experience with my boyfriend.

