Partner's away...I will play!

Author: alliw19

*000*2018-05-23 20:58

It's my first post here, but I've been lurking for a long time. My partner is away at a conference from today until Monday, and I just went out and bought a pack of Depends (the best I can do on a short period of time – I'd like to get something more substantial, but these will have to do. My plan is to be in them from the moment I get home from work until I go to bed every day, and just pee whenever I feel the urge. I might do a few full wettings but I don't think those are as fun in diapers as they are in jeans or leggings. I may do a jeans/leggings wet when I can also, but we have shared laundry facilities and I'm worried about the smell. I may post updates here as the weekend goes.

As of this moment, I just got home from the store where I got the Depends and put them on immediately. I've let out a long spurt, and I'm resisting the urge to go more until I figure out how much these can hold. Also, I'm so horny I can hardly stand it. Might have to take a break to have some fun before wetting again!

*004*2018-05-24 21:25

{{20 hours ago, xxxxx said:

You're gonna take them off when you go to bed?! That's half the fun!

}}

I'm not sure if I'm ready for any amount of bed wetting, even if it's protected!

*005*2018-05-24 21:27

Update: I spent all night in Depends, totally soaking two of the course of the evening. Mostly let it all out slowly, sitting on the couch while watching TV/answering emails/etc. Doing the same thing today. Held my pee all day at work so when I got home, my bladder was reasonably full. Planning on drinking more throughout the night and getting through another Depends (or two)!

