An interesting Dare

Author: Probablyme

*000*2020-05-17 19:33

This was probably the weirdest wetting I had ever done, my best friend video called me and dared me to hold and then wet wearing nothing on my bottom half

My boyfriend Eric was eavesdropping and was eager to join in. It was a little weird at first, sitting on a couch without anything on, but I got used to it and be gain drinking, as did Eric.

I'm a thin girl, so the bulge from my bladder was very noticeable when it wasn't even that big. My best friend called me back and said, "wet on Eric, I double dare ya."

Eric heard and was all in. I'm so happy that I know a couple people with this fetish to say the least.

Now the bulge was growing as I watched YouTube and played Minecraft. Pretty soon, or what felt like pretty soon, was actually 7+ hours of drinking, I asked Eric where we should do it. It was about ten at night and dark so he said outside.

I was gonna have to hold myself soon, gravity wasn't helping when I stood up and we went to his backyard. He sat down and guided me on where to sit.

"Ready?" I whispered. "Yeah." He whispered back and I felt instant relief. I could hear Eric happy too. He liked it whenever I wet on him so he was in heaven. "We should do this more often" he said.

When I was finally done, he asked me where he should go and I said I didn't care. We were half-naked in the grass at 10:00pm doing Omorashi.

Pretty soon I felt warmth on my crotch. "Eric.." I ask. He laughs and tells me, "you said you didn't care."

We cleaned off inside and got re-dressed. That was the weirdest dare I have ever gotten, no joke.

