How I got started

Author: Pelham123

*000*2013-06-27 13:24

Hey guys, new to the forums and I thought I'd just share a little bit about how I first started out doing this kinda stuff. Although I have to admit, it's been over 5 years since my last wetting (I'm never alone enough to do anything!)

It's not a particularly long story, so I apologise if I don't quite reach expectations (even though I'm not really sure what they'd be).

I'm not sure if it counts, but I remember my first on-purpose accident was when I was 5. I remember going under my bed (I think there was a toy I wanted under there or something. And then when I laid down I guess it must've pushed on my bladder because I immediately felt the need to go. But I didn't feel like going and using the toilet, so I just went while I was lying there on my stomach. I remember a second and third time at my grandmother's house but no details on that one. I just remember that I really thought it was naughty and I didn't really mind (which was strange because I was normally a good kid).

Then around the start of year 7 (not sure what that is in America, but I was 12-13.), I got the internet. While searching for you-know-what (and having just discovered that thing everyone does), I caught sight of something that peaked my interest. It was a picture of a girl wetting her pants. Instantly the memories came back to me, and my love for this fetish came flooding back (if you'll pardon the pun). No one was home, so I put on a pair of old underwear and went out to my backyard, making sure I was hidden from sight by the water cooler and (with a great degree of difficulty), I wet myself for the first time in years, and on purpose. It ended up being a weekly occurrence for a little while until my mum discovered that pairs of my underwear were getting less and less in number (I kept throwing them out because I didn't want to get in trouble).

But there you have it...

Share stories with me if you have the time. :)

