Outdoor Wettings

Author: Liliana

*000*2017-05-21 22:02

Just yesterday, I was feeling in the mood for a little fun, so I put on a long skirt and my favorite underwear and went for a walk in an empty camp site.

With a full bladder, of course.

I was absolutely bursting and let a little bit out into my panties while walking. It was so wet, my thighs glided across each other with ease. I finally made my way into the camp site, my legs already dripping.

There was a fast moving lake, so I took a seat on the bench next to it, lifting my skirt out from under me.

The water running made me have to go all the more, to the point where I couldn't take it. I lost control all over the bench.

I feel a bit guilty for the next person who sits on that bench, but I did have fun.

*002*2017-05-22 12:49

This was my first time outdoors.

*008*2017-05-25 03:12

{{:

}}

{{19 hours ago, WetG/F said:

Thank you Liliana, may I ask are you a wetter, because it turns you on, or because it makes you feel like a naughty girl. ?? I have this thing where I classifeid all of my ex g/fs who wet their panties. Some would wet for me because they knew it would lead to passionate sex, a few would wet for their own sexual gratification because they associated wetting with orgasms or near orgasms and still fewer did it because it made them feel liberated, as in being a naughty little girl and doing something that they knew they should not be doing. There were also the odd ones like the one who was turned on by knowing that no one around them knew they were peeing under their skirt and down their legs........wasn,t really sexual just empowering for her....in some way. Thank you again for telling us about your wetting......the way you wrote it was easy to imagine.

}}

Well, I would have to say all of the above. I like just doing shit because I can, but I think wetting is also just a very sexy sort of thing to do.

{{On May 23, 2017 at 2:17 PM, lovetohold said:

This does sound awesome! Congrats on a successful first outdoor wetting.

Do you think you'll do it more often? It adds some spice to life, for sure.

}}

I'll definitely do this again sometime soon.

