Friends with big bladders #1

Author: Wettlover

*000*2021-12-27 01:48

Hi there!

This is my fisrt time posting stories here, so, feel free to give me tips and suggestions.

I will tell you stories I witnessed or was told about, The stories will be 100% real, so lets get into it

Case #1 : "Elizabeth"

This happened on highscool, we were classmates, I was behind her in the classroom, it was 5:10 PM, our break was at 5:20 PM, the professor was giving out notes, and he was talking with every student one by one in order to give the notes, so, I noticed she was very nervous, we (Me and a Carie, who is a friend that also has a massive bladder) thought she was nervous because the notes, but then, she said: Guys, I really have to pee)

Carie told her to hold her pee because we were only 10 minuts from our break, and she would be able to go to the toilet, she agreed and stayed with her legs firmly.

The time was eternal to her, I saw how she was starting to fidget and how she was being very desperate.

- I can't hold it. - she said

Carie and I saw her struggle to hold, it was 5:15 PM, but Elizabeth couldn't hold a second more.

We saw how she tried to get up from the chair, but she slowly moaned from pain from her bladder, Elizabeth was a real slim girl, so, we could see her bulging bladder.

She managed to stand up somehow, and very, but very slowly, went out of the classroom and went to the bathroom, she was walking as slow as a pregnant woman, and her bulging bladder also made her look like she was pregnant, she reached the bathroom, and she peed for like 2 minutes nonstop ( she told us that she literally pissed 2 minutes), , she also told us that her panty was very wet (almost soaked) because she was literally peeing while taking her panties off, and the other girls in the bathroom looked weirdly at her, because they heard how strong her piss was. (just imagine you see a girl entering the bathroom and then you hear a two minutes strong piss)

And that it is, that's how I saw a friend literally bursting to pee, I accept suggestions of how to improve the storytelling

Please keep in mind that english is my second language

