First Genuine Adult Wetting

Author: blackmanpeeing

*000*2021-04-25 02:02

Hi there. Long time lurker; first time poster. I’m a fan of genuine desperation and peeing/wetting, both male and female, but don’t get to engage much myself (more so voyeur than exhibitionist as it is). Anyway, had a day full of errands and iced coffee and realized my bladder was filled to the brim at my last stop which had a big 'Restrooms Closed' sign on display. Figured I’d be able to make it home safely and did, at least up until I got to the front door with arms full of bags and classic case of fumbling with the keys. 

I’ve had close calls at the front door in the past (who hasn’t?) but the urge this time was way stronger than I imagined and before I knew it, I had a full river of pee spreading across my crotch and running down my leg. I was frozen in shock, mortified, but also relieved and just stood there with a wave of almost ecstasy washing over me as I let nature take its course. Soon as I got inside, I put the groceries down and dripped across the kitchen to the shower. Decided to snap a couple photos to commemorate the occasion (sorry they’re not the best quality) and also have a good laugh. Never have I been more grateful to live alone than today!

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-04-25 18:20

{{3 hours ago, Wetsy said:

That relief makes the wetting feel so much mmore awesome along with th e warmth

}}

I have to agree. Even though I was embarrassed in the moment, the feeling and pleasure of the relief quickly took over.

