Driving home from work

Author: NeuroNonsense

*000*2015-10-30 01:17

My drive home from work usually takes half an hour with good traffic, and traffic is never good. So make that 45 minutes, on average.

Today, things did not go too well for the company regarding a client project, and now we have a LOT of work that all needs to be done tomorrow. On top of this, I realized a bit ago that I really need to be drinking more water, so at this point, I have a lot more water in me than I'm used to.

So here I am, stuck in traffic, waiting to get on the highway with a fair bit of stress on both my mind and my bladder. I'm squirming a little, and holding is no problem, but I was done with work for today... I have a good 14 hours to relax... And that's what I did. A leak squirted out, ran down my leg, and gave me shivers. It felt amazing!

Here I was, alone in my car, with 45 minutes of driving to do, by myself, with a full bladder and no more obligations to look professional. So I let out another leak- This one was longer. I felt it pool under me a bit as the warmth spread rapidly. It felt so good after a long day. I could feel the stress leaving me in the most satisfying way. As I continued inching along with traffic, my stress was slowly being replaced with arousal...

We get going a bit faster, onto the highway now, and I let out a longer leak. It lasted for maybe a full two seconds, with most of it running down my legs. Each and every time the warmth winding down my legs, with the noticeable wetness of my pants, made me grin. I let the leaks out more and more frequently- Not because I was losing control, but just because it felt so damn nice.

When I finally made it home, my pants were noticeably wet, down to the knees, and a bit past them. I may end up doing this more frequently. No one's around me, I'm alone in the car... And the feeling is sublime. :)

I know I can't be the only one that has discovered this. Any similar stories out there?

