First Wetting

Author: wetprincess

*000*2013-04-30 01:41

Ok before I tell you my first wetting let me tell you about me. I only just found out a month ago I had this fetish. I forget how exactly how i figured out i had this fetish so don't ask. I have been reading stories and looking at the pics for the past week and a half and I finally decided to sign up today!

Now as it happens I signed up for this site and then started talking on the chat with some people. I will no mention names but one young lady was very friendly to me and nice to m especially when I told her I was shy. I had been holding it since I got up. This young lady and I decided to talk on skype (don't ask me for it u gotta earn my trust first!). She was holding to and we were talking about random things and every once in a while we kept checking how each other was holding up. As it was getting late and I was struggling to hold it (i had leaked at least 3 times by now) she had to go soon and I knew I couldn't hold on much longer.

She told me just to let it go that it was my first wetting that my bladder would get stronger the more i did it. So I decided since she was there for me I would let her watch me..so i called her on skype and let lose...the hot liquid running down my leg was very pleasurable and turned me on the point I knew I had to pleasure myself in a different way. Once I was done with that kind of pleasure I had cummed long and hard!! I can't wait to hold it again!

*005*2013-05-04 22:59

Thanks all for your support

*007*2013-05-06 00:13

I think it turns most if not all of us on!

