Morning Wetting (first day back!)

Author: Itsallexx

*000*2021-06-17 15:01

Hello!

I’ve been wanting to get back into wetting myself and having little accidents- but I haven’t found the time. Today that changed!

I woke up this morning needing to go to the bathroom, but decided to go back to sleep and wait until later so I can pee myself. When I woke up again, I knew it was time.

I got out of bed and didn’t really feel the need to pee, but once I put on my safe panties (the ones I usually wet in) my bladder wanted to release right there! I didn’t let myself and instead put on a pair of jeans too so I could feel the warmth of my pee.

As soon as I put on my jeans I leaked a little bit but wanted to watch the pee come down my legs so I went to my mirror and let loose. And let me tell you I miss wetting myself. The constant flow of warmth coming down and locking into my legs and being able to watch it happen is just amazing.

Attached I have some images of my little “accident”!

$$

$$

$$

*005*2021-06-19 00:20

{{2 hours ago, cauallywet said:

Wow very nice! Glad you're getting back into it! Keep us updated if you do more

}}

Oh I definitely will be!

{{20 hours ago, dwp said:

I always like to say, if you haven't wet your pants today, then it has been too long.

I love your lovely wetting pics. Thanks for posting.

}}

Yes! I couldn’t agree more with you!!

*012*2021-07-10 17:03

{{On 6/22/2021 at 8:42 AM, Omodeprived said:

Damn, did you pull the pee up with your hands or did you just wet so hard the flow had nowhere to go and so defied gravity? XD

}}

That was completely from my flow!

