The first time of many

Author: Omo-fanatic

*000*2012-01-18 22:55

So this is one of my deepest and most embarassing secrets, at the same time I love it. So this all takes place back when I was twelve and before I found out my fetish.

So I was at my best friend's house for the weekend and we hung out in his family room drinking his soda and watching tv. I already had to pee a little but it wasn't that bad, anyway my girlfriend. AKA my best friend twin sister came down and talked with us for a while before we all headed out to play in the snow for a little bit. Fast forward a half hour and I was stuck trying to decide wether or not I wanted to make yellow snow or hold it so eventually I held it. Then we headed inside and I hurried to the bathroom only to find it occupied so I watched TV with them for maybe twenty minutes now seriously needing to pee. Still the bathroom remained occupied so I suggested we head back outside hoping it would take my mind of my oh so full bladder. We hung out for another half hour and I realized if I didn't hurry I was going to pee myself. 

I ran back into the house as we watched tv again only to find that someone else had went in. I nearly cried at the thought of peeing myself in front of my grilfriend so I shook my leg like it had been through an earthquake. I felt a drip of urine flow into my boxers as their mom got out of the bathroom. As oon as she was out of sight I ran into the bathroom to go pee. I got in front of the toilet dancing in place trying to hold my pee for a few more minutes I unzipped my fly when it happened. Hot urine exploded from my bladder and started streaming down my legs and soaking my jeans. The warmth was pleasurable and by the time I was done I felt happier than ever. Unfortunately I still had to face my girlfriend and best friend. Long story short I convinced them I spilled water on myself and that was that, no one knows that I peed myself that day and very few know that I pee myself on purpose these days

