Laughing to hard in a line

Author: NinaP

*000*2013-07-07 20:50

Hi everyone. This is my first post, and it's about something I witnessed at a party recently.

As I said, I was at this party at a friends house a couple of weeks ago, it was late and everyone was getting pretty drunk. I went to the bathroom, and of course there was a long line and many squirming boys and girls. I noticed one girl in particular, partly because I didn't know her, and partly because she seemed even more desperate then all of the others combined. Now all of the others where just crossing there legs and talking casually, but she kept grabbing her crotch and bending over with a great nervous look on her face. She was about 25, and she was wearing a light blue summer dress that went down to her knees. It was great watching her legs as she crossed and uncrossed them and bending down holding her crotch.

While I was pretending to check something on my phone, I heard her say to her friend: "This is really bad, I seriously don't think I can hold it much longer." Her friend sort of just smiled and said she would do fine. And then she must have said something funny that I didn't pick up, because the poor desperate girl started laughing and crossed her legs really hard, almost yelling: "Stop, I'm going to loose it."

This scene didn't go unnoticed, and a few of the guys started telling these stupid jokes to make her laugh. And they did make her laugh. She started laughing and almost jumping up and down at the same time, stuttering: "Stop, you're gonna make me pee!". And then all of a sudden she sort of freezes, and while still laughing, she gasps: "No, no, no, I'm peeing, I'm peeing..." And she wasn't joking. A stream of pee started running out from underneath her white dress and down her legs, finally splashing against the floor.

At this point I was stunned by the sight, and I just stood there like an idiot watching her empty her bladder in front of the entire line. When the door to the bathroom finally opened, everybody cheered and applauded as the girl and her friend - both still laughing - went in.

This wasn't the first time I saw a girl wet herself, but it sure was a great sighting.

