First time losing control!

Author: jackthestripper

*000*2013-07-18 08:50

One night while horny, instead of getting off and then getting back to whatever boring thing I was doing, I decided to test my limits and not chicken out by running to the restroom or peeing in the tub. To desperately lose control. So after drinking water, I set some limits. I'd pee outside, through panties and a skirt. I'd lose control. and I had to finish a dungeon that I was working my way through.After dying repeatedly, and eventually making my way through, I was only moderately in need of a bathroom break, so I set a time limit. I had drank the water at 1:30, and I could not let go before 3:00. It was only about 2:15, so I set up another dungeon. Around 2:50 I could really feel it, so I slipped on my panties and skirt as well as key necklace and went downstairs to turn the light on and out the door to the front yard.

The weather was a lot cooler at night and the break from sweltering was not lost on my crotch. My muscles tensed at the temperature change to hold in the pee. I stepped off of the porch to enjoy the night. Luckily for me, I wasn't experiencing the full bladder pain much this time, allowing for more intense pleasure and focus. The muscles began to contract, losing little drips a bit at a time. Right then, a car that had taken a wrong turn sped backwards down the street to find a missed turn.

After that I was able to focus on holding a little longer. Shortly after, a spurt or two came out and after that holding became more tedius feeling. The release was different because it was very difficult to gauge how much was left in me. It was impossible to stop for a few seconds. The experience was amazing but I wish I had done it in the backyard to avoid disturbances. I hope to try this again but I believe it would be more difficult distracting myself with a computer as video games can be played without losing too much bladder focus.

