I peed with the door open

Author: AislingPine

*000*2022-07-16 15:48

So the other night, I was having a dream; a very vivid dream where I was hanging out with a friend at the beach. In my dream, I started to feel the urge to pee REALLY bad and we wandered around, finding no place to go, but also no people. So I squated down over the sand and started to pee. Then I woke up...

I had peed only a little in real life, feeling just a little wetness in my underwear, but I had to pee worse than I think Ive ever had to. I was amazed that I didnt just empty my bladder in my sleep. Anyways, I made a mad dash to the bathroom flumg the door closed, dropped my pants and started to pee, breathing a massive sigh of relief until I actually looked at the door. I NEVER ACTUALLY MADE SURE IT CLOSED! I was panicking, and hiking my pants up to my thighs, still taking the loudest and most satisfying pee of my life, and pulling my shirt down to cover as much of myself as I could just in case my brother happened to walk by. Thankfully no one woke up (or so Im convinced) and as soon as I finished on the toilet, I shut the door quickly and quietly before washing my hands and taking a moment to think about the last 90 seconds.

I felt kind of thrilled at the idea of being walked in on, but decided I dont want to put my family in that situation. If Im feeling brave someday, I might use a single person bathroom and leave it unlocked and see what that does for me.

Anyways, that was a fun night. Hope to have more soon!

*003*2022-07-20 06:32

{{16 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Peeing in your dream and also actually peeing in your pants while in bed is a strange feeling, if you are waking up during peeing. When you realise you're peeing in your bed, it's instant panic on. It happened to me a few times before I started wearing diapers during sleep.

}}

I rarely have dreams that make me pee my pants in real life (except when just a little leaks out), so yeah, this one did turn panic on. I cant wait to move into my own place so i can legit wet the bed once or twice.

