How to Get Near Accident Desperate as a Guy? (I've tried some holds)

Author: Siv5122

*000*2021-09-10 23:13

Hey all, I'm a casual omorashi person, as I noticed I enjoyed watching people pee dance and hold. However, I figured I would enjoy the feeling of holding myself. Outside of being really young, I've never had a genuine accident, or even come close. Recently, I've been trying to come close.

First, I tried holding it when alone at my house, drink about 1-1.5L of fluid including tea and just water. While the need did get pretty intense, I kept getting hard, which kind of nullified it.

More recently, I've tried holding during class. First, through a 1:15 hr class, drinking 500ml tea, 300ml soda, and about 800ml of water, so 1.6L in total. I felt quite a strong urge, crossing my legs, and as the need began to exponentially increase, I decided to chicken out and ask for the bathroom, as I did not set out to wet myself. However, I was again hard, and wasn't even able to pee that much when I got to the toilet.

Second, I tried holding 500ml of tea and about 1.2L of water through a 50 minute class, this time with an added twist. I double tied my sweatpants, so that when I got to the toilet I would have the insane rush of possibly having an accident. While I did feel quite more desperate, crossing my legs once again, I was again able to walk to the bathroom easily, ad get of my sweatpants without to much fear, though the urge was definitely very strong from that.

My problem seems to be that I'm either not drinking enough or keep getting hard, which makes having the near accident rush almost impossible. I want to try again, in clothes which are concealing enough that I will risk wetting.

If there are any male holders with advice, let me know.

$

$

