My very first time expirimenting with wetting myself

Author: rachelgates103

*000*2015-05-20 17:14

I wanted to share my very first time I expirimented with wetting myself.

I was 14, sitting in geometry class, bored out of my mind. I was aware of my desperation and wetting fetish, though I was no where near as aware as I am now how many other people are out there like myself, (thanks omorashi.org!). I was daydreaming, an hour left until dismissal for the day. I felt a twinge in my bladder, but not quite desperate, yet. I couldn't help start daydreaming and what it would feel like go just let my bladder go and flood my panties and seat right there. (as if I'd do that. Embarrasing!)

I decided to see if I could let out just a drop, closing off the flow quickly. I relaxed, and let out a small 1 second long spurt. I was surprised how much had come out, the warmth filling my panties and spreading, slightly. I stopped the flow. My heart skipped a beat and my stomach dropped. I raised my hand and asked to be excused, only the be rejected. There were thirty minutes left. I leaned back in my chair, slightly spread my legs and assessed the damage. You couldn't see much dampness on my khaki pants from the front, but I feared what the back looked like.

I didn't consider that relaxing the bladder muscles for even a second would make them much more prone to relaxing beyond my control. My need increased, I could feel it in my bladder, pushing, forcing itself to be released.

Finally, when the bell rang, I jumped up and slid my jacket around my waist, and made the 7 minute walk home. every 15 seconds or so, a small stream would escape, making the dark stain spread down my legs. I began walking faster, and when I finally stopped to gather my keys at the door, shoving my hand ferociously between my legs, did my bladder win. I forcefully peed, standing frozen on my door step, down my legs, into my shoes. the stream went strongly for at least 45 seconds, trickling down for a half another minute. I was soaked. I stuck my key in my door and went inside. Luckily, no one was home yet, so I was able to do my dirty laundry :)

