Wetting my jeans (with pictures)

Author: Bi Omo Guy

*000*2018-01-17 18:15

This is the first time I have been able to do a good hold in a while, and I figured it would be a good idea to make it the first story I upload. Any criticism is appreciated.

So I am home for break, and I have had the opportunity to have some omorashi fun. I decided to do a rapid desperation hold with the end goal of forcing myself to have an accident. If you don't know what rapid desperation is, basically you drink a set amount of water per hour and use the bathroom as soon as you feel a need to go. You do this for a few hours and it makes it so you can't hold it as long, there is a great thread about it on here. After doing that for a few hours, I drank 3 bottles of water, sat down at my desk, and decided that I would not get up to use the bathroom until I had already started leaking. At this point I was already up to a 5 out of 10 about 15 minutes in. About 10 minutes later I couldn't stop fidgeting, but still felt strongly in control. All of a sudden, a huge wave of desperation hit and I had to hold myself to keep from losing it. 

At this point I knew I wouldn't make it to the bathroom in time if I wanted to and would probably start to leak if I stood up. I decided to see how long I could last sitting down, and squirmed with my hands holding tight on my crotch in a futile attempt to hold on just a little longer. That battle ended about 5 minutes later when I felt a leak and knew that the rest would soon follow. I got up and hobbled to the bathroom as to avoid soaking the carpet and felt spurts coming out with nearly every step. As soon as I got into the bathroom, my bladder completely released. I stepped into the tub as pee was running down my jeans and kept going for a solid minute. I was completely soaked, and I don't know how long it has been since I have been that aroused. Pictures of the aftermath are below, I hope you enjoy them. I was considering doing some kind of video, but I wasn't able to set anything up in time.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-01-17 19:44

Thank you!

