Very nice ex (part 1)

Author: Booboohoohoo

*000*2017-10-18 00:32

So about 4 years ago I started dating a girl I had met a few yesrs prior through a friend, she was about 5 foot 10, blonde, and skinny with a amazing butt. We dated for a few months and I trusted her enough to tell her about my love of desperation/wetting. She didnt really understand at first but supported me from day 1. a few months passed and she had sent me a few uninspired wetting vids which I still loved but she had yet to try anything with me around. Then one day I showed up at her house and asked if she'd like to go for a cruise and smoke with me, she agreed so we set off while she was already verrrryyy desperate unbeknownst to me, we start cruising and smoking and eventually I notice her bouncing around with a visible bladder bulge, so i push on it a little and she jumped. 

Then looked at me desperately and told me she needed to goooo but was holding all day for me. so of course i take the long way home and she keeps dancing around, she had even taken off her seatbelt to relieve the pressure, she was bursting. once home she didn't run to the restroom and instead climbed on top of me and started making out, she was still not able to let a flow out even tho she wanted to for me. Things progress and now we're banging on the floor and i'm just torturing her bladder from the inside and out, we go at it for a few minutes and as we cum together she completely lets loose all over me while still inside her and we both orgasm the entire time, it was euphoric and still the best orgasm either of us has ever had. needless to say, that day she became a fan of omo and i have a few more good stories if u liked thos one, including some diaper wettings....

