Childhood school wetting

Author: Secretboy

*000*2015-01-19 05:30

Hi, so I thought I'd share one of my childhood wetting experiences, I hope it's written OK.

The first time I can remember accidentally wetting myself was when I was around six and in grade one. I went to a school with a uniform, so I wore the grey uniform pants, white shirt and jumper.

I was doing a math lesson where they give you those wooden shapes to play with, and didn't want to stop to go to the bathroom, so I held off. Eventually I was squirming and getting uncomfortable.I've had a bladder of steal for as long as I remember, so I don't start to leak it just starts to hurt.

I turned to my best friend at the time, I believe his name was Henry, and asked him to be my 'buddy'.We went to the bathroom in buddies, and only two people per gender were allowed at a time. I then saw to my dismay two names on the boys hook. . I waited anxiously for the two to return. When they did, sprinted down the hallway, and I managed to get into the bathroom and close the door of a stall. Then, of course, I couldn't get my pants down. I remember struggling with the buttons, but to no avail and slowly starting to pee. I did manage to get them undone a few seconds after, but by this time my underwear and trousers were already soaked to the thigh.

I remember panicking. Even then I had fantasies about my classmates wetting my pants, but had never imagined myself doing it. I called to Henry, and he went and got a teacher. The teacher told me it was alright and gave me a change of clothes. The kids who had accidents at that school were always given sweatpants to wear, so when you got back to the classroom everybody knew you'd had an accident.

Henry and I had more experiences with wet pants and even diapers, before I left the school. I lost touch with him after that, but to this day I wonder if he ended up with the same fetish as me. XD

