A very wet night out

Author: MickP

*000*2019-08-19 14:42

I had been hanging out with this girl for a couple of months, we were not in a physical relationship apart from a bit of kissing and cuddling after big drinking nights but really we were just friends.

We were having a big drinking session at her house one night, everyone else had gone home. She told me that she was going to the toilet to pee. After a few minutes she came out and said that she couldn't get her belt undone. I tried to undo it for her but I couldn't get it undone either. I said that she might have to do it in her pants. She said that she would wet her pants if I wet mine. I had never done anything like that before but I agreed.

The thought of her wetting herself got me so excited that it was hard for me to think about peeing ( I'm sure any guys reading this will know what I mean). I was fixated on the crotch of her tight blue jeans but nothing was happening. After a few more beers I became desperate to pee and I decided that I might have to go first. I told her that I was about to do it, I think she was as excited as I was. I tried wetting but I couldn't. Eventually I got so desperate that I couldn't hold on and I wet my pants in front of her. I was wearing blue jeans and my jeans were wet all the way down the front of both my legs and I was standing in a huge puddle.

She felt my jeans and undid them and started feeling my wet undies, it was so hot. She wouldn't let me change or undress, she wanted me to stay in my wet pants. About 30 minutes after I had wet she said it was her turn. She stood in front of me and wet her pants.

We eventually got undressed and had a shower together while she washed my clothes and put them in the dryer. When my clothes were dry she asked me if I could wet again. It was so much easier the second time around, I wet my pants for her a second time. She definitely made it worth my while, it was an amazing night/morning.

