My first wetting!

Author: leafshinobi246

*000*2013-09-03 05:32

Hi! I've been lurking on this site for a few months now, and I finally decided to make an account and share my stories. I've wanted to try wetting for a while now, but I didn't have the chance to until a few days ago.

It had been rather hot, and I'd been drinking plenty of water. I was home alone when I suddenly began to get the urge to pee, but I ignored it for a while since I didn't want to get up.

Since it was hot, I had gotten a bit sweaty and decided to take a shower. At this point my bladder was definitely uncomfortable, but I wasn't desperate. I went into the bathroom, and that was when I realized that this was the perfect opportunity to try wetting.

I stripped down to my blue panties and turned on the shower, getting in but angling the showerhead away from me so I wouldn't get wet. I stood on the opposite end of the shower in my panties, trying to relax and just let go of my bladder. I was pretty nervous, so at first I could only let out a few spurts. I looked down at the small dark spot on my panties, and I was finally able to relax and just let go.

I sighed as I felt my panties slowly fill with pee, the warm stream beginning to travel down my legs after a few moments. I watched as the dark spot grew bigger, growing to about the size of a fist. I hadn't realized how badly I had to go, and I continued to pee for almost a minute (or at least it felt like that long). I was leaning against the shower wall once I was done, eyes closed and feeling absolute bliss.

I soaked my panties in the shower before slipping them off and taking my shower. I can't wait until the next time I can do that, hopefully with a fuller bladder!

