Chastity - Heading out now!

Author: mdeal

*000*2021-07-18 03:33

I just got my first every chastity device and got it on. I also just finished chugging a good amount of water, taking a break to make this post (just thought of doing this) and I have put on jeans, a hoodie, and zip-tied my two belt loops close together with two heavy duty zip-ties. I'm wonering if I should pocket a nail-clipper to take them off in emergency. Also my bladder has been pretty bad lately from all the stress i've been putting it through.

Heading out for some groceries now. Not going to bring my phone (another new idea! - it sometimes was a successful distractor). Chugging more water in a sec. This might be the silliest thing i've done, I have no idea how the chastity device will play into this. I just got it on haven't peed in it yet. Ok will let you know!

My prediction: I think I might make it out of the grocery store. I almost always do, I just have no idea how the c-device might complicate things. I might lose it in the car or on my way from the car to house. I might try to stop at a bus station to use the public there on the way back and this would likely be a disaster due to the zip ties and stuff.

Ok bye!

PS in recent expeditions i've been wanding in the car to help hold off. It's been really effective, too effective, at that. C-device should counter that.

*002*2021-07-18 05:32

Lasted longer than expected - was first of the day, but had to try because stores were closing in ~1:20h. Ended up stopping at the bus station as expected. Just prior, could feel it coming on a bit, tried to use hand to lightly suppress, of course c-divce basically did its job. While deciding what I should do, a real urge finally came on, thought i'd see if the wand would do much but the hold was over before I was able to pull it out of the backpack.

Not nearly as exciting as I thought it might be, but this is more typical.

