Brain programmed to pee

Author: rallupae

*000*2013-07-10 18:21

Hello, I have to post my most recent experience. I have started seeing my girlfriend from about a year ago, and we are stepping up the kink a bit this time around. A few days ago, we both became really desperate to pee. I asked her to hold it as long as she could - which was not too long given her state of desperation already. When it came really close, we both put on our tightest jeans and starting making out in the bathtub - standing up.

The bladder pressure built up so much, more her than me, that she simply had to let it all go. It was awesome! The pee shot up her ass crack and then caressed her ass cheeks before cascading all the way down the back of her legs - completely soaking her jeans. To hear her sigh of relief was too much for me. I placed her hands on my crotch and held her tight. I let my flow go - what a relief. She moaned with pleasure and that turned into an instant sex-fest right then and there.

Now that in itself is truly sexy and hot. Here is were it gets even better, though. I talked to her on the phone last night and she admitted how interesting the brain is when it forms new memories. I said, what? She then went on to explain that she was out at the dog park, and just started peeing her jeans right then and there, without even thinking. She said that our pee event together programmed her brain that it was ok to pee on her pants. She did manage to stop part way through and cover up her pants when she went back into her building.

I told her that next time it would be ok to let it all go. Can't wait for our next play time. Can you?

