Waiting for my gf

Author: Zombiekilla

*000*2020-03-18 16:24

So, my gf knows all about my omo link and she’s actually decently into it, which is awesome. I woke up this morning having to pee, but I was in the mood to hold it until my gf woke up and gave me permission to pee. Where we run into problems though, is how I woke up at 8:30 purely because of my bladder, so I would have to wait a whileeee. I went to get myself a tall glass of water and I drank the whole thing over the course of about an hour. At about 9:30 I was at a 7/10 already, so things were looking pretty soaked in my near future. I tried a variety of things to take my mind off of how badly I had to pee, but it was ALWAYS there. If I moved a certain way, my bladder would remind me that it had a whole flood ready to release. Once it was 10, I was a strong 8/10 and I didn’t think I could go much longer. This is when I started kinda spam texting my gf with stuff like

“baby please wake up I’m gonna pee everywhereeee” and

“I seriously cant hold it pleaseeeee baby”

”baby I’m leakinggg it’s all gonna come out soonnnnn”

And finally

“baby im already having an accident pleaaseeeee im pissing myselffff”

She answered at around 10:30, which was very close to my limit. I wasn’t lying about the leaking and holy shit it was uncontrollable. My underwear was so wet already just from leaking. Naturally, she made me take pictures of my now pissy underwear and thennnn I could go. I was laying on my back and I went to take the picture when all of a sudden an unstoppable spurt of piss soaks my underwear even more. This would happen every time I tried to take a picture because i wanted a good angle and I let out most of my pee there. I was trying soooo hard to hold it all in, but it was just relentless. It was too much for my bladder and it alllll came flooding out then and there. I was crossing my legs, holding myself, trying everything I could but to no avail. The piss kept coming and coming and I couldn’t do anything to stop it. By this point my undies were ruined and my bed was soaked in pee. I sent the pictures to my gf and she had two words to say:

”Good boy”

