Halloween Wetting

Author: MikasaElric

*000*2016-01-01 22:48

I found out that I like omorashi when I was sixteen years old. It was Halloween, and I was dressed as George Weasley from Harry Potter. My best friend Susan (not her real name) was dressed as Fred Weasley. We were taking her little sister trick or treating, and I had drank a bottle of soda before we left. I should probably mention that I have a really small bladder. About thirty minutes after we left, I felt a slight pressure in my bladder but ignored it because there was nowhere for me to go. An hour later, I was at a 9 on the desperation scale (or maybe 9 3/4,ha-ha) and it was incredibly obvious to anyone with eyes. I was squirming around and groaning, and baisicly doing everything short of holding myself and crossing my legs.

After a few minutes I realized that I wouldn't be able to make it back to Susans house, or even to the end of the street. There was nowhere for me to relieve myself, so I decided to just pee my pants as we walked. I peed very forcefully, so my bladder was empty by the time we got to the next house. My pants and socks were soaking wet, but we were wearing black pants so it wasn't as obvious as it could have been. Susan kept shooting me sympathetic looks, and I acted like I was upset, but I actually loved it! I had enjoyed the act of peeing myself, and at first the warmth had been very nice. It was less enjoyable when my pants got cold and stuck to my legs, but I had still liked it. I changed clothes when we got back to Susans house and neither of us ever mentioned it again.

