Trying to hold it at the store

Author: ashlm

*000*2017-06-28 00:40

So, today was one of my first public wetting experiences and I wanted to share it with you all. So I went out to lunch with my friend and drank 2 large glasses of tea. By the time we were leaving the restaurant, I already had to go pretty badly but I decided to try and hold it while I went shopping. I went to the store and forgot about my need for a while because I was distracted. Then, suddenly I had a wave of desperation come over me and I had to grab myself in the middle of the store.

At this point I realized that I was starting to get very desperate and could hardly stand still. I spent a long time trying to find what I was looking for because I was so distracted by my need for the restroom. When I found the aisle with what I was looking for, I had to squat down and pretend I was looking for something on the bottom shelf to hide my desperation. A small drop leaked out into my underwear but I was able to quickly stop it. The warm, wet spot made me feel really good and I was tempted to hold it a little longer. When I went to check out, it took all of my self control to not be visibly dancing around and grabbing myself and as a result I had another leak. Now there was a small visible spot on my pants.

Luckily I would be home soon and able to relieve myself. The car ride home seemed especially long since I had to sit on my foot and push it hard into my crotch to relieve the feeling that I was about to burst. The 3-story walk up to my apartment as well as the knowledge that I was so close to relief led to several more larger leaks. At this point I didn't care, I was practically running up the stairs to avoid completely wetting myself. I managed to get myself under control as I was unlocking the door and entering my apartment. I threw my shopping bags on the floor and sprinted towards the bathroom. As soon as I saw the toilet, I began uncontrollably wetting my pants. I had no time to take them off and instead hopped into the shower where I released my bladder and felt the warm trickle run down my legs. Hope you guys enjoyed my experience as much as I did.

