Finally I have a story

Author: so wet

*000*2013-11-05 12:57

Went to a nightclub tonight with some new friends I recently met. Two guys and a girl 31 years old but looks and acts as if she was in her early 20's about 5"5 slim, spanish, light skin, tight black dress, and heels. We went in, then went back to her car to have some drinks that she brought (drink prices in vegas clubs are absurd). After a while all the guys went by the side of the car to pee of course being in a parking garage she didn't. A little while later everyones drank a few beers she says lets go back to the club (I'm sure because she really has to go).

I was right, she gets out of the car, standing still waiting for the others her legs start fidegting and moving around, and then she puts her hand right below her bladder on her dress, She tells her other friends in spanish she really needs the bathroom (I speak a little so I understood it.) It's a short walk to the club she's walking quick we get to the door and the bouncer tells us to go to the other side, since we were already in and we were just going back. We go around a guy says stop and wait for him to open the rope she waits for a second and then squeezes thru where the rope ended and the wall meet. she runs inside out of my sight while we went for the bouncer to open the rope to let us in.

Excuse the bad grammer and punctuation it's 5 in the morning just got home from the club and wanted to share this incase I don't remeber it tomorrow.

