Medical Appointment

Author: Plyedec

*000*2016-02-02 15:52

This is my first attempt to write down an omorashi experience in a foreign language, so please don't judge me too hard for bad writing or describing things not detailed enough. ^^' Well, here it is:

Today I had a medical appointment at 6 o'clock and met with my custodian (I live together with 9 other teenagers because I didn't get along with my parents anymore, but of course we can't live alone yet) because she wanted to discuss something with the doctor and me. Well, my custodian is 39 years old, very attractive in my opinion with brown hair, green eyes and a beautiful smile. She's also the only one of the 4 custodians watching over us who I actually trust.

Besides she's got a weak bladder, so after the appointment over one hour later she told me she really had to pee. I told her not to worry about it since the walk home would take only 5 to 10 minutes.

While we were walking she talked faster than normal and seemed quite nervous. I did not expect her to be so desperate already because she often told me she had to pee and then hold it another hour, but this time it seemed serious. My heart started to beat faster and I got slightly aroused by the thought that she might not make it, but I tried to comfort her and walked faster. I did not want her to get in such an embarassing situation in front of me and with no chance to avoid being seen by my cohabitants since her shift had officially started at 5 o'clock and it's never a good idea to leave 10 teenagers alone at home ;) .

About 200 m away from our house she said "Do you know that feeling when your bladder hurts so bad you think you can't hold it for another second?" I mumbled something like "yes" and tried not to look at her but it was obvoius that she slammed her legs together as often as she could while trying to walk normally. "I really can't hold it", she told me with a higher voice than normal. "I'm sure you will make it, we're almost there." I replied. We repeated this dialogue a few times until we reached the house. My custodian unlocked the door and rushed to the bathroom.

I'm torn about the fact that she made it in time actually, but seeing her desperation was awesome as well.

