Real life wetting

Author: StanleyTheCabbage

*000*2011-12-07 21:49

If anyone else wants to post their real life accidental wetting stories in here they can too, i just wasn't sure where to post mine!

Here goes

This happened to me when i was a little bit younger, still in high school.

I used to have to ride the bus home every day and as i lived in a small town it was quite the ride to and from. about a 45 minute drive both ways.

Quite often I would get out of class late and have to run to the buss' so as not to miss them, frequently too I would have to forgo making a quick trip to the bathrooms before getting on the bus. this usually went okay, but would quite often leave me doing the pee pee dance all the way to my house from the bus-stop.

One day this happened, I had to skip my usual bathroom trip and run onto the bus in order to not miss it. Having already needed to pee before getting on the bus I spent most of the 45 minutes home with my legs crossed as tight as I could. Finally when the bus let me off I was so desperate that I sprinted all the way up the hill to get home. I made a mad dash up my stairs to the front door but as I grabbed the knob to turn it i realized it was too late and let a big full bladder out all over my jeans making a big puddle on the wood below me. I expected to be embarrassed but instead I was so aroused by the feeling of pee running down my legs that I ran inside, stripped off my soaking wet pants, and masturbated twice in a row.

This is also how I figured out I was into omorashi, if you didn't guess anyone else have any stories they want to share?

*001*2011-12-09 00:26

No reactions to this or anything?

