This morning...

Author: Navi

*000*2011-08-21 17:33

Last night I drank a lot of water, I was starting to have to go to the bathroom badly but I held it. It was getting late so I decided I should go to sleep (ignoring my bladder.) I woke up this morning desperate! Of course I instinctively thought to go to the bathroom but I ignored it knowing that I'm home alone today. I laid around in bed for 15mins, purposely laying on my stomach.

I was getting more and more desperate, so much that I had to get up and move around. Once I stood up next to the bed, I pressed my legs together almost losing control right there. To keep myself occupied from my close to bursting bladder, I went on the computer and checked AP :) At this point I was bouncing and squirming around in my chair, it was getting so bad that I needed to move again.

I got up, but this time I kept control. I needed to clean the kitchen so I figured I might as well do that now. First I start with washing the dishes.. and I had a lot. But I liked the idea of this challenge. I kept the water running the whole time, the warm water.

I was starting to lose control, spurting a little. I crossed my legs and did a little pee pee dance and finished washing all the dishes. I regained some control, but I knew it wasn't long till I lost it. I starting cleaning the table and counter, everything was okay. Then I start sweeping the floor, and I felt my bladder begin to give up but I crossed my legs and kept going. Then I had to bend down to sweep the dirt into the pan. I bent down, squishing my bladder. It felt amazing. Then I stood up, and I felt it leaking down my legs. I quickly crossed my legs again, but I felt it slowly leaking out, dripping down my legs. I moved my leg barely an inch and it starting flooding out.

It completely flooded my tight light blue shorts, and soaked my pink panties. I made a big puddle on my kitchen floor, but it felt amazing. I'm already getting ready to do it again.

Oh how I love weekends alone ;)

