School accident

Author: karma queen

*000*2013-03-01 01:32

I t was 4th period in my school. i sat in my desk wearing a very tight fitting, black mini skirt, a yellow blouse and my cuteist pink panties. I NEEDED TO PEE. I could slowly feel the pressure building in my bladder and clenched my legs tightly together. I realized i should have used the bathroom during break. In my school there is a policy that you cant go to the bathroom during school time. I felt a wave of depression and clenched my legs tighter together. I glanced over at the clock and saw we had 40 minutes left of class. I gritted my teeth and resolved to make it, fighting off wave after wave. I shifted in my desk to dig my heel into my vagina, wishing i had worn a looser skirt. With 30 minutes left a huge wave hit me and i felt small stream of urine shoot out forcefully and dampen my panties slightly. I let out a gasp and squirm a bit until the wave recedes.

Some of my classmates notice and snicker a little. The minutes seem to crawl by as i get more and more desperate. I make it until 15 minutes before a huge wave hits my poor, bloated bladder and a semi-large stream squirts out making a dime sized wet on my panties. I cram my hands between my legs and squeeze hard until the wave recedes. That is when I realize that i might not make it. With 10 min to go another squirt enlarges the spot to the size of a quarter. With 1 minute to go a large squirt enlarges the spot to the size of a half dollar, also wetting my skirt and the desk a little.

Finally the bell rings and i practically run out of the room leaking a little with each step. I make it behind the library before the urine goes through my panties and starts to flow down my into my socks. I shove my hand between my legs bending over a little, and squeeze my legs together as hard as i can, but I can't stop the flow. i stand there like that for at least 5 minutes before the stream even slows down, but it takes it at least 8 minutes before it stops. I was standing in a huge puddle. i look down at my sopping wet skirt and realize i just wet my cuteist panties and realize this is going to be a long test of the day.

