Mass desperation

Author: nora.jansen

*000*2019-04-20 17:40

When I was in 9th grade we had this gardening project where we had our own gardens. These gardens where quite far away and we had to walk over an hour to get there. We would spend the morning there, have lunch and then walk all the way back. There was no bathroom at this place and there were no bathroom breaks, so people had to hold in their pee and that caused a lot of desperation. Especially when we arrived at school almost everyone needed to use the bathroom so there was like a mass desperation. Since we only had one bathroom for each sex there were huge lines in front of the bathrooms. The line was always full of people who were begging to the person in front of them to let them go first. I kinda felt guilty for enjoying those moments so much. Those moments where so hot, they definitely made my day ;)

Have you guys got a similar experience? And where the toilet facilities at your school as pour as mine?

Leave your answer in the comments and share your story with us :) !

*002*2019-04-27 16:07

{{On 4/21/2019 at 9:33 AM, huberp76 said:

I like situations with no pee breaks for hours and no chance to go for a really long time!

I can understand that it was arousing for you to see many of them desperate, it would be arousing for me too.

What is about you? Was your bladder overfilled? Are you good in holding? Do you like holding by yourself or do you like it more if others have to hold a bursting full bladder?

}}

I'm not that good at holding, my bladder is quite weak. So most of the time I also needed to go kinda bad, which is unfortunate since I find it way more arousing to watch others hold their pee than holding it myself. (sounds kind of evil now that I think about it, but I can't help it haha)

