Shower Desperation

Author: blahblahblah

*000*2010-11-16 14:57

The topic doesn't mean being desperate for a shower. It's being desperate to pee, while you're in the shower, and forcing yourself to wait. Does that sound difficult?

I thought of this last night, which by then, my bladder was already full so I REALLY had to go in the morning. Going into the bathroom, desperate to just pee right before I get in the shower, I said, "Screw it," and stepped into the shower with a full bladder. Within the first few minutes, I was having one hand scrubbing my hair, and the other hand in between my legs, forcing myself not to burst.

After finishing my shower, I rushed to the other side of the room to grab the pair of boxers that I wore to bed last night, even though my body was wet from the shower. I quickly put them on, walked back to the toilet with a hand holding my bladder, sat down, and just let it all go. It was great relieving myself after all of the trouble. As I was sitting down, I stood up, slightly hovering over the toilet, to watch the multiple streams soaking through my boxers. I just played with the streams until I was all done. I peed for about a minute and a half.

I went ahead and slipped off my boxers, threw them into the basket of dirty/wet clothes, grabbed my towel, and dried myself off.

This is my first time posting an experience on here and I hoped I was detailed enough.

*002*2010-11-16 23:02

Yeah I know most people pee in the shower. I know I do, but I just wanna take this little challenge is all, for more desperation. Sound like an interesting challenge to anyone?

*011*2010-11-27 22:09

I guess I mainly wanted to try this cause it's hard for me to become really desperate so I thought the shower would make me more desperate than usual. I was correct and the wetting actually feels relieving and hot afterwords.

*013*2010-11-29 00:36

{{: 

I never have this problem, because I always pee in the shower. It all goes into the sewer anyways so what's the problem? 

}}

There isn't a problem at all, in fact I usually pee in the shower. As I said, this was just a little challenge I wanted to take is all!



