Childhood accident

Author: Lilbabymichael

*000*2013-03-03 13:49

I thought I would share this story with everyone. It happened a long time ago so I am not sure how much detail is still accurate. As far as I can tell I must have been around 7 when it happened.

My parents wanted to get an Air Conditioner, if I remember right, so we went to this electronics store called the wiz this was back in the late 90's. The Wiz was pretty much like today's best buy. Being a kid I immediately walked over to the video games. I want to say it was a N64 with a copy of F-Zero racing game. Well again being a kid I easily got very engrossed into the game. I began to notice that feeling that my bladder was getting very full. However I ignored it and continued playing. Well obviously the pressure kept building till I could not hold on and I began peeing my pants.

I think I tried to stop it but it was too late. I do not remember feeling embarrassed at all. I remember finding my parents and leaving. I think this is one of the reasons why I am into to this fetish. I do remember wondering if things went differently, before we left the house I have a vague memory I sneaking into my moms closet where some old pull ups were hidden and wearing one. However they wanted to leave for the store so I took it off and put it back. I always wondered how it would would have happened had I kept the pull up on.

*002*2013-03-04 13:09

Yes, I have worn diapers since that point. A couple years ago I worked up the courage to order some from online, and occasionally I will order some more when I am close to running out. I dont really like pull ups though I prefer tabbed diapers because they hold more.

