Last nights experiment

Author: riverstoned

*000*2021-07-24 06:18

Little story about last night.

Wish I took pictures, but sadly I didn’t. I drank a ton of water throughout the evening and as I laid in bed on my computer, I could feel the water sloshing around in me. There was a growing pressure in my bladder but I kept drinking more.

Whenever I hold it in, I get horny. I get desperate. I wish I had diapers , but I improvised and instead got an old bikini bottom, put a panty liner on the inside, and then a clean rolled up rag.

I forced myself to get up and get more water, each time becoming a bit more difficult and my waddle getting more noticeable.

It felt so good. I kept bucking my hips against the towel whenever I tried to hold it in more. I was so worried but excited I would leak in my favorite pajama bottoms and in the bed.

Eventually it got to a point where I was going to burst. I quickly took my pants off and stood over a garbage can. I took my time, pissing in short hot spurts and grinding against the wet towel . My eyes were basically Rolling back in pleasure.

At first, no piss was leaking out. I was disappointed. But I had drank so much that it was impossible to stay in my make shift diaper. Suddenly, I couldn’t control it anymore and it came gushing out. I grabbed the packed suit and squished the piss out, feeling the hot stream drip down my thighs snd splatter into the garbage can.

This went for awhile until I thought i was done. I cleaned up , but when I went into the bathroom and peed even more. It was a pleasant surprise

I will definitely be using a towel again, but I want to use diapers! Or maybe Jean shorts!:)

