I have never wet in public until last night

Author: VagueUserID

*000*2015-02-22 02:16

I really enjoy desperation games both at home and work... The adrenaline surge is very focusing. I always make sure that I pee before I leave the house or work so that I don't embarrass myself. Until last night.

I worked in the office Friday and being in IT I'm constantly racing around. Between the three bottles of water two cups of tea and the 5hr energy I had through the day I was absolutely desperate.. Bursting by the time it was time to leave. 10 minutes before I would normally leave and pee I received a support call and spent an hour on the phone and decided to skip the loo and drive the 20 minutes home.

As I walked out outside I walked into -20C temperatures and my bladder lurched. In a 3 second span I went from complete control to the first spurt of pee wetting my boxers and jeans. Every step pure torture.

I got into my car and turned the heat up but by bladder spasmed all the ride home my jeans pushing on my bladder the entire way.. I stayed dry or as wet as I was until I got home. Getting out of the car and grabbing my laptop bag caused the second wave to darken the front of my jeans an steak my left thigh.

I made it inside and after dropping my laptop to the sofa got to the washroom and peed forever.. My wet boxers and jeans cold on my leg as I steadied myself and aimed my stream.

My first true accident since I was a kid.

*003*2015-03-02 16:45

Wetting is very new to me... Other than limited experience as a kid.

The desperation part is so much fun though. I love the adrenaline surge when you really need to pee. Well, like right this second. Lol

Thanks Gemmy. I'm glad you enjoyed it. :)

*005*2015-03-03 19:23

Why is that EyelessNinja?

