Desperation in a meeting

Author: secretdice

*000*2016-06-02 01:16

Hi guys, it's been many years since I've been lucky enough to see a wetting in real life. I do however work in retail, and as such there's almost always someone on shift desperate for a wee!

Last week, all of the managers from my work had a training course on disciplinary procedures. The course itself was pretty dull, but I was lucky enough to be sitting next to Jenny. I've worked with Jenny for years, she is in her late 30's, has an amazing body, loves coffee, and always seems to forget to go to the toilet before a meeting.

Jenny arrived late for the training, with a large coffee in hand and sat at the table next to me. An hour passed, and I noticed that her hand had crept down between her legs and she was squeezing them tightly together. As the instructor droned on, I became more and more intranced by her plight: her hand was still tightly clamped between her legs, and she'd started to bounce up and down. I asked her if she was okay and she told me she was on the verge of peeing her pants if we didn't pause for a break soon, which as you may expect caused a stirring in my boxers!

Over the next thirty minutes her bouncing grew stronger and stronger, until she was shaking the entire table with her desperation. My eyes were glued to her, every time she froze I hoped that she'd lost the battle and flooded her pants.

Sadly, the instructor called for a break shortly after this and Jenny ran for the door. I would have followed her to see if she made it, but due to a slight bulge in my underwear I was stuck in place.

Anyway, that wraps up my first post on this site. I've been lurking for years, enjoying everyone's content and thought it was about time I posted something I've seen.

