[male] Wetting plus prostate play gone wrong (plus capacity measuring)

Author: Metalholding

*000*2019-02-12 20:48

I've been experimenting with prostate play recently, and one day had the thought: "Hey, why not try it while doing a hold?" I'll admit to being slightly envious of females that can masturbate and wet simultaneously, my biology makes that pretty difficult. So I thought this to be a modern solution to a modern problem. So today's activities consisted of two holds. The first to see my current capacity and to weaken the holding muscles, and the second for wetting and prostate play.

The first went without a hitch, and I measured up a little over a liter, which I was proud of. And so began the second. I put on a tight pair of skinny jeans that I barely fit into anymore (more fun to wet in than baggy jeans I feel) and got to drinking. Once I had got to the point where I was about to burst, I went ahead and inserted one of these

(The small one. I'm new still) and put my jeans back on. It felt great actually, the pressure of the full bladder combined with prostate stimulation was an interesting experience to say the least. Wetting was even better, I had bladder contractions alongside the prostate ones (Or what I thought were), to the point where the plug had slipped out. After my bladder had been emptied, I went to grab the plug out of my soaked jeans. Upon retrieving it, however, I got hit with a rough realization:

I had just unintentionally messed for the first time.

G̶u̶e̶s̶s̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶c̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶s̶a̶y̶ ̶I̶ ̶m̶e̶s̶s̶e̶d̶ ̶u̶p̶

This brought things to a screeching halt. Luckily the damage was very minor, and could be cleaned up relatively quickly, it just left me in shock I had done it without even realizing it. Messing does not appeal to me, and this didn't really help it's case, especially after the clean up, which I did not enjoy. Afterwards the festivities could continue, and continue they did, so all is well.

Maybe I'll try this again sometime, as I would say it was very enjoyable. Next time I'll be much more careful though. Much more careful...

*002*2019-02-13 01:07

I thought I had, but apparently not. Lesson learned though.

