Do any of you have friends who know about your fetish and are okay with you casually peeing yourself?

Author: MaleOmoFan94

*000*2022-02-15 20:14

Hi, there has been some talk about casual wetting, so I wondered if any of you have friends, partners, or even family members who know about your fetish and don't have a problem with you casually wetting yourselves. I can see why many people wouldn't like it if someone they were with just decided to wet themselves and I don't agree with pretending that an intentional wetting was an accident. If anyone out there is lucky enough to have someone in their life who is okay with casual wetting please tell us your stories. How did you tell the person about omorashi? How did they react if you had a real accident? How did you tell them you like wetting yourself? How do they react when you do it? I've never wet myself in front of friends, but I don't think they would care if I did unless it was on their furniture I do have a fairly weak bladder and I've come close to loosing it in front of them a few times so they likely wouldn't ask questions if I did pee myself.

*003*2022-02-16 21:45

It really would be fun to be with a group of people who could casually wet themselves together. For some reason, doing it while sitting around a blazing camp fire sounds like fun.

*016*2022-03-05 16:03

Wow! Some of you have some really good stories. As for me, I still haven't wet myself in front of my friends, although I really don't think they would care as long as they didn't have to clean it up.

