Triathlon training with my husband :-)

Author: soccergirl0689

*000*2019-02-05 12:33

I can share with you how my interest in this all started :-) I found out the both me and my husband share the interest of triathlon and cycling. We both now have been into a number of competions and started to do practising togehter a few years ago. Once during the summer we had been biking for around 50 km and returning to our house. I was really muddy weather so we were both very dirty - he suggested we should go straight into the shower with clothes on so it should be mud all around the place. I said I had to go to the toilet before showering - then he said - oh i will pee in the shower - you should do it as well! I agreed I shouldnt make the toilet dirty so i stepped into the shower togeterh with him. Instead of putting on the water he hugged me and i really felt the urge to pee since my bladder muscles already loosend up up a bit when I was heading for the toilet. 

I said to him I really have to pee and he replied like - go on and pee then. I tried to open the gates and managed to pee a small portion that was sucked up in my shorts padding... Suddenly i felt warm on my stomach and realised that it was from his pee. He had a bulge with his dick pointing straight up . That was the very second i realized i got turned on by it. He continued to pee while i put my hand on his shorts and felt the pee through my fingers. For me it was harder to continue pee but finally i managed to let it go. I took surprisingly long to fill the padding in my shorts. We both stood and toucing each other through the shiny fabric and surprisingly fast i saw a big white spot between my fingers on his shorts :-). He then licked me until a felt one of my best orgasms ever !!

*002*2019-02-06 11:34

Never know

