Peeing my khakis and panties while walking home

Author: SoakingMadalyn

*000*2021-09-19 01:53

So it was last period and I needed to go a little, like a 3, and when class ended i started walking home. On my way home at the start I needed to pee like a 4 out of 10, and it slowly got worse. About 20 minutes later I was walking a little slower and now I needed to go about a 5 out of 10. At this point I'm really nervous cause I still had 2 hours more to walk. Around 10 minutes later I was at 5.5 and I was thinking about squatting in abush, but I was next to a busy road so that was out the question. 30 mins later I was at a 8 and i was holding my crotch and my thighs were shaking badly. A person blared thier horn at one point and a jet of pee dribbled into my pantys and part of my pants. I was sweating and crying a little (at the time I was 17 btw) i danced while walking for 30 mins, until i was at a 10.

I was tearing up and i was leaking left and right. At one point, I lumped over to the side of the sidewalk, and pee started to flood my panties and khakis. I was peeing and shaking uncontrollably and crying, the pee rolled down my thigh and puddled in my lap, it was dripping from the crease in my butt and thigh, and my shoes filled up. My butt, legs and crotch were soaked. I trudged home and got alot of looks. And when I walked in my house my mom saw my pants and I cried running into the bathroom. See, my bladder wasnt empty yet and when I saw someone was in the bathroom, i started peeing again and my panties were soaked along with everything i was wearing. I had saved photos from that incident and here they are

$$

