Short Late night

Author: loveless21341

*000*2015-11-24 00:57

So let me start off by giving my description of myself;

I'm 5'5 (yes I know I'm short) I'm sort of chubby and I'm also female for those who are wondering and my bladder is not all that big unfortunately or holding would be a lot easier.

Anyway It is late at night for me and I just recently gotten home from work at about 12:30 am and before I went to bed I had about a glass of soda and some water from those big refillable Slurpee cups (jugs?) and I had started to fill the need to go but I'm just like, I'm way too tired and don't want to go to the bathroom now even though I should of but I didn't, So while I was asleep I has having a normal dream which was quiet horror/actiony a little bit but suddenly the dream had changed which was a little bit peculiar but I did not pay much attention to it until.

It sounded like someone going to the bathroom or pouring something and there was an image of like water or pee pouring. Which made the floodgates open but I stopped it after about half a second maybe a full but the damage was done to my underwear at that moment which was about the size of a baseball. Anyway I tried moving or slowly moving towards my bathroom since for some reason the bathroom next to my room was locked and the key was downstairs, so I needed to go downstairs and pee and boy was that torture. I was leaking every 3 steps until I got to the bottom of my stairs and since the hall way downstairs is tile very cold tile it made me leak even more and frankly I was barely holding it but somehow I got to the bathroom with my wet shorts and even wetter panties.

I know this wasn't the greatest story and I really want to do longer holdings in the future I just don't have the privacy to do them T-T but the fun thing now is that i actually get to hold right now and drink some more soda :D. So I hope you all enjoy this little tale of mine and hopefully I have more in the future.

Bye bye.

