First Time (purposeful wetting)

Author: hypnoneko

*000*2020-05-17 21:47

Hi! I'm very new to this community, so I thought I'd share my bed wetting story.

I remember a while back I had looked up "wet hypnosis" on YouTube. I have a huge interest in hypnosis and mind control. Anyway, I clicked on the first video that looked promising and started it. What I got was not what I expected.

It started talking about preparing to pee yourself. I was hesitant, but decided "Eh, why not." Nervously, when the man in the video said to, I let out my pee on my bed. I didn't wet very much and let the rest out in the bathroom. Needless to say it wasn't enjoyable.

I couldn't get the subject out of my mind, so I looked it up some more later that week. At the time I thought it was really weird, but when I discovered wetting purposefully again I had a strange urge to try it.

One day I decided to test it out. I put old sheets and a towel on my bed and laid down. I filled up a bottle of water, the sound of the faucet already making me need to pee. I drank a lot of water and laid in bed.

Finally, I nervously pressed on my bladder. I felt a bit come out and stopped myself quickly. Taking a deep breath in, I pressed on my bladder again. A bit more came out, and I squeezed my pussy to stop it again. I relaxed and it all streamed out.

I felt so good as I lost control. It poured out like a waterfall onto my matress. After a couple minutes it stopped, and I felt myself wanting to wet more and more.

Hope you enjoyed my story! See you later.

