On the way home....

Author: punkgirluk

*000*2016-04-23 14:40

First post-be kind!

It had been a typical boring day at work (I work in the uni library), but there was a rush of students just before it was time for me to leave so I was running a bit late. I was conscious that I needed to pee, but I didn't want to miss my train. Got to the station just in time and jumped on the train. By this time I was feeling quite desperate, and I was hoping that there'd be a seat free so I could compress my bladder. No such luck.......After 10 mins of standing and the train jiggling around (which was really not helping) I was at bursting point. But-it was my stop. I thought it was going to be ok. Although I had a 10min walk home, there was a supermarket with toilets by the station. I hobbled off the train, walking very gingerly to avoid losing it, but as I started to walk down the steps I felt a spurt of pee escape into my pants. Immediately I stopped still and grabbed my crotch, past caring who could see. I regained control and very thankfully reached the shop.

Then I saw the sign...... "Toilets closed for cleaning". Oh F**K. There was no way I was going to make it home. But I figured-I'll give it a go. Got about 100 yards up the road, and another spurt. This time it was harder to stop, and when I looked down I could see a wet patch on my light grey trousers. I kept walking, but I think I knew it was only a matter of time. About halfway home my bladder spasmed and I let go a gush of pee. I stopped, and grabbed myself tight but it was no good-I couldn't stop it. Pee cascaded down my legs and onto the pavement. My trousers were soaking wet, clinging to my legs. I was incredibly embarrassed and hoped that noone would see me before I got to my front door. Fortunately noone did. As I opened my door, I could allow myself to feel turned on by the wet warmth bathing my crotch. I stood in the hallway and rubbed myself, thinking about what I'd done. It was completely accidental, but when I got over the embarrassment I was so turned on...........

