Friend Almost Made Me Pee Myself

Author: Livi Omo

*000*2022-06-03 13:22

Yesterday, a close friend of mine came over to help me set up my new PC. The power went out shortly after he arrived, and since we weren't able to get anything done, we decided to just talk in the kitchen until the power came back on (it didn't until after he left). He grabbed a soda from the fridge, and I got a water. I'd been watching tv for at least an hour before he came over, and I drank several water bottles in that time. Very early into the convo, I remember thinking "Wow, I really need to pee!" Although I had to go pretty bad, I could wait a while. I figured I would just excuse myself and go whenever there was a pause in conversation, but DAMN can that boy talk! He went on and on about PCs, gaming, his Twitch livestreams, and probably other things; I was having trouble concentrating after probably 45 min or so, as the urge was getting quite difficult to ignore. 

Two hours later, my stomach was bulging out a good several inches, due to my overfilled bladder. I was crossing my legs and getting close to an accident. I didn't want to say I had to go, as I am shy, and was enjoying our conversation. However, I was almost to my limits. Luckily, after 15 or so minutes, he checks his phone, realizes how long he's been here, and starts getting ready to leave. It was like torture watching him meticulously tie his boots (he had come over right after work) I was barely holding on, but he was STILL talking! He finally says goodbye, gives me a hug (it almost made me pee) and walks out the door. I instantly made a beeline for the bathroom, barely puling my leggings down in time. (They were a little damp) It. Was. AMAZING!! I have only experienced this kind of orgasmic piss a few times before; I had tears streaming down my face from good it felt. He's coming back over today. This time, I'll go BEFORE he arrives. Or will I?

