A Sighting

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2019-03-27 02:39

A few weeks ago, I was at my university’s debating club for the first session of the year. I met a few new people and had a decent debate on whether to ban sports. The debates aren’t properly competitive, and you don’t have to follow any protocol, although the people who run the club do tell you what they do in formal debates beforehand. For these debates, the groups were split into separate rooms, but at the end some of the debaters came back to the main room to talk about stuff. One of these people I will call Nina. Not her real name, for obvious reasons. For those who want to know, she was wearing a red and white shirt and short denim shorts. While we were talking, I noticed that her legs were not still. She was moving them around quite frequently, as if she was trying not to leak. They would be crossed, and then not crossed, and sometimes she would lift one knee. 

Nina and I then split off with a few others as we left the, but we stopped again as we kept talking. By now Nina’s legs were in constant motion, and she was lifting her legs up to herself much more frequently, but she made no attempt to use the bathroom. I was trying to focus on the conversation, but I was also keeping an eye on her legs because, simply put, they were interesting. Soon after, we started walking, as everyone else was heading the same way and needed to go home as it was fairly late. I walked with them for a bit, but then soon peeled off as I needed to use the computers. Nina seemed fine walking, and when I left, she still hadn’t used the bathroom. Did she have to go, or were her legs just that fidgety? It was a fairly warm night, so she can’t have been cold. I can imagine that she was struggling with a full bladder all the way home, though.

