Peed my pants while walking dog

Author: Lazanalirry

*000*2015-10-05 23:32

So basically every now and than I'll babysit my friends dog as she gets very busy with work and stuff. It was a weekend and it was evening when I'd just finished having my tea when the dog started nagging to go outside. Now since there was a show I wanted to watch coming on soon, I rushed out with her and started walking around the block. It didn't take very long before my little bladder started to let me know it needed release and soon. The dog had done her business so I started heading back to the flat, feeling more and more need to go to the bathroom. When we were about a street away I just couldn't hold it any longer so I just froze on the spot and peed myself. I was mortified as I knew it was very visible, the street was well lit and my chances of meeting people on the little bit home was very big. Awkwardly I started walking back and of course I walked past people, all whom definitely looked and knew what had happened!!

*003*2015-10-08 00:20

{{ 

That's a nice scenario - thanks for sharing it! Funny how sometimes life gets in the way and well, things happen. I like that people passing you noticed, too. :)

}}

Haha, you're welcome! And it was totally embarrassing!!

*005*2015-10-08 00:39

{{ 

Been there done that. I used to power walk in the morning about 40 minutes. There were a few times I peed my pants before I got home. or At my front door trying to get the key in the lock. Great story, thanks for sharing!

}}

No problem! Likewise.

*007*2015-10-08 12:36

{{ 

How noticeable? I.e. what were you wearing when it happened?

}}

Grey sweatpants so very noticeable!

*009*2015-10-08 21:08

{{ 

Nice account of a wet happening, little accounts like this are just as exciting as long rambling stories.

}}

:)

*012*2015-10-10 19:25

{{ 

Nice. i have definitely fantasized about someone in this scenario before!

}}

:D

{{ 

Nice. i have definitely fantasized about someone in this scenario before!

}}

Ooooo ;)

