One for the ladies

Author: omolpp

*000*2013-10-27 07:58

Ok girls, just thought Id share this one with you. Rest assured I was not at all turned on by this nor did I intend to see it.

I was at local racetrack on night to watch the races, of course. This was before the show even started and people were still coming in. Anyhow not much detail to give here but it happened that I was up on the main concession concourse and witnessed what I thought was pretty odd. The place really wasn't that busy and the bathroom lines were quite short. Looking around I saw this guy standing in a very short line, smoking a cigarette and holding a beer. I don't recall that well what he was wearing (assuming your interested) but I know he had some tan or khaki colored shorts on.

Anyhow getting to the point, just as I looked over he seemed to bend forward just slightly and I could clearly see the piss running out of his shorts. (he left a puddle on the ground too, saw it when I walked past) He just stood there, took another drag from his cigarette, threw it on the ground and casually walked away. I don't know if he was some sort of exhibitionist or a borderline idiot. I thought it was real strange especially so early in the show that he would have put getting a beer and a cigarette ahead of going to the bathroom. I mean if someone had to go that bad they couldn't wait in a line for maybe 5 min I would think they would take care of that first.

*005*2013-10-29 16:25

I dont understand why all the banter about the smoking and drinking. I should perhaps clarify why I suggested he was an idiot. It was not for the smoking or drinking. The gates had just opened and you are not allowed to carry anything in. This means that most likely he chose to go get a beer before taking care of what id have had to assume was a desperate need to piss. I dont know about others but unless I wanted to piss myself in public I would have gone to the bathroom before getting a beer, would seem to me to be a priority. In any case it was not something I was trying to see, just happened that I saw it. Now had a been a women my night would have been made.

