My first personal experience

Author: oddquietfella

*000*2011-11-12 17:10

I thought that I would maybe share the story of my first time wetting.

I have been a pee fan for as long as I can remember (younger than I can admit). One thing I grew more and more to love over time was holding back for as long as I could before I went. The ache was amazing. When I finally would head for the bathroom, it was extremely erotic for me to let loose.

I am extremely kinky overall and had grown more and more into pee play of all sorts as time went on. The last girl I dated really got into having basic controls taken from her like having to get permission to eat and use the bathroom and such. One night we were goofing around outside and I had been making her drink lots and lots of drink. She started to get really squirmy and asked permission to go the bathroom. I denied her several times until she began to moan from the discomfort of having to pee so badly. I told her the only way she could go was to wet her jeans. She squatted down without hesitation and soaked herself. It was extremely hot to both of us.

Several times I did this same thing to her. Making her hold it until she was about to burst and having her wet herself for my amusement.

One night we were sitting on my porch and I had been drinking right along with her, drink for drink. I was loving the idea of watching her wet herself while I was aching full, too. When I allowed her to wet herself, I got so turned on that I had to try it. I stood up right in front of her so that I was only about a foot in front of her face and let fly in my shorts. It felt AMAZING! I have really good bladder capacity, so I soaked my shorts really bad and was pouring pee out of them all over my feet and hers.

It has been one of my favorite little pleasures since then. I have split up with that girlfriend, but still love the feeling of wandering out onto my porch and wetting my pants or shorts. The feel of it soaking my clothes and making them stick to me is so sexy. Watching the puddle spread on the porch is really hot too.

Hope that my first story posting is entertaining at least!

