I had an accident at the bank

Author: Aurielrain

*000*2013-04-04 00:20

Sometime last week, I had what I thought was going to be a very normal day. I had an appointment to go to and was then going to go to the bank. Being a bit early for my appointment I stopped to buy a tea. Now caffeine makes me have to pee like crazy, but I can usually control it. After my appointment I had the urge to pee, but nothing too pressing. I decided I would use the washroom after I was done at the bank. Big mistake.

By the time I got to the bank, which was a 10 minute walk away I really, really had to go. You can do this, I though to myself. You don't have to pee that badly, it can wait until after the bank. I was standing at the atm when all of a sudden I felt a quick squirt of pee escaping into my panties. Oh. No.

I finished my transaction as quickly as possible and looked at the floor as sneakily as I could. And there it was. A tiny little puddle, no bigger then a child's hand but there it was. I had lost control and even though it was a tiny amount, I had peed on the floor of the bank.

Had anyone noticed? I was completely alone by the machines and to a stranger it would have looked like a puddle of melted snow from somebodies winter boots. Had I gotten away with it? I thought so. Walking into the other part of the bank, I waited in queue to talk to a teller. As I stood there waiting, I felt the tiniest warm trickles dribbling down the inside of my legs. I was wearing a coat that went to my knees and black leggings so I knew that as long as none dripped on the floor, nobody would be any the wiser.

After I finished at the teller, I went to the bathroom as quickly as I could. Locking the door, I looked frantically in the mirror at the back of my coat, making sure nobody could have possibly seen. My legging were damp, my panties soaked and my socks were warm and wet inside my boots. I took of my drenched panties and put them into my bag. I calmly walked out of the bank with my little secret resting inside my purse and boots.

I had lost control of my bladder, peed my panties inside the bank and not gotten caught. I felt so exhilarated, it was such a rush that I'm tempted to see if I can get away with another public accident. ;)



