Well, Something I Tried Out...

Author: MinkChan

*000*2015-10-19 21:59

Ok~ So today I woke up, and decided to try something I really enjoy but never did in my life. So I wake up, and use the bathroom. So I drink a lot of water and eat my breakfast. I will usually use the bathroom again but I didn't. So I went to the bus stop, and drank more water.

~Then, time skip to lunch~

Ok~ So during lunch, I drank a lot of water and milk. So during science, which is 2 periods later, I started feeling an 5/10 urge. After that I had dance, and we had to do spilts and stuff. By then, my urge went to 8/10. I started squirming. After that, I had to go upstairs and it was hard for me. I drank another bottle of water, and I felt the bladder press onto my crotch.

From there, I had to sit down and a little squirt went. Then, after like, 2 minutes, we had to go back downstairs, where I waited for the bus. By then, my bladder 9 3/4 /10 full, and I had trouble. We had to wait for the bus to arrive, which took like, 30 minutes. When I sat down, another squirt came. Now, i wasn't wearing a skirt, because of school uniform. I was wearing light blue jeans, but luckily, you couldn't see my squirts... Yet.

That's when the bus hit a huge bump, and a little I leaked. It was tiny, a size of a fingertip, you can see on my pants and it was well hidden. I was fine for now. I had to get off and walk. I realized that I didn't have the keys, and no one was home, and I couldn't use the bathroom, and my best friend, Kat, was there and said hi. I said hi back, and she could she me squirming. She decided to take some fun out of this, and started poking me. I felt little drops popping out and she tickled me. I wasn't normally ticklish, but the way she tickled made me give in. Then a leak came out and I knew I couldn't stop. I put my hand under my crotch and tried to stop it. I couldn't and my pee went all over my hand. It was quite a good feeling. But then, I realized Kat was watching me, and I blushed. Luckily there was no one there. So yah...

Hope you likely~

