The multiple times I peed myself in school

Author: mr.bursting.XD

*000*2018-06-22 05:22

In second grade, I had this teacher who absolutely hated me. She kept complaining to my parents about things I did not do or exaggerated things I did. She even went as far as allowing other kids to take my school supplies and not listen to a word I said.

Anyways, I had a small bladder in grade school, and had multiple accidents with said teacher. The first time I had an accident, I was taking a state capitals test. I asked my teacher to let me use the restroom but I was not allowed to. As I grew increasingly desperate, I kept asking, but she kept refusing. Finally she forced me to stand up to take the test which made my holding more difficult. So I did the best thing I could do to avoid bursting and peeing myself: making up city names.

As I finished the test, I was lectured about not going at recess (which came about 1 whole hour earlier before I downed an entire water bottle). As I desperately sprinted down the hall, I could feel my bladder giving way. I started to pee myself in little squirts, eventually becoming larger. I shoved open the door to the boy's bathroom and got close to the urinal, but my zipper was stuck and I fully soaked myself.

Embarrassed, I stuffed paper towels down my pants and tried to clean up and went out to lunch. Looking back, this may have been one of the reasons I am into omorashi as a college student/young adult. However, as an insecure and introvertive person (who could not even talk to a girl I find cute), I find it hard to talk to others about this and would rather speak about it here.

If you want to hear more stories (preferably of me at an older age), please let me know. I enjoyed writing this story!

