Most intense personal omo experience yet

Author: Brotaku

*000*2018-08-28 04:51

As the title suggests I just had my best experience yet with omorashi. I've been doing a hold all afternoon since getting off work and decided to do one of the online guided holds on milovana. I wasn't incredibly desperate when I started, so it took me a while before things really started kicking off. Once they did, however, things got desperate fast. As I'm starting to squirm I decide to lay down a towel and throw on a diaper, because I'm in a hotel room and didn't want to make more of a mess for someone else to clean up (I bring my own towel from home for this specific reason). The challenges begin getting harder and harder to the point where I'm sitting in a chair shaking waiting for the next challenge to start. Once it finally comes up I see that it's one of my most hated favorites, laying down on your stomach and arching your back so your weight rests on your bladder. I dreaded doing this.

I have never completely lost control during a hold, and I had decided that this work trip was when it was going to happen. And so, as a shaking mess, I lower myself onto my towel, lay on my stomach, spurt a little in the process, and then finally arch my back. IMMEDIATELY I begin to orgasm... not wet myself... orgasm. I hadn't been touching myself at all this afternoon, but sure enough, it happened. It was the most intense experience I've had. And despite having one kind of release, I was still at the mercy of the other. I was still basking in the glow of the previous events, and so I decided to call it a night and just relieve myself in the bathroom, take a shower, and climb in bed.

*005*2018-09-28 03:44

{{On 9/26/2018 at 5:04 PM, jackgriffin said:

I've never heard of such a thing before. What is this?

}}

They are flash teases. There is a sub-forum here

$iframe data-embed-src="$/21406-interactive-pee-holding-adventures/?do=embed"

They're a lot of fun and depending on the one's that you do, can lead to some intense holds.

