Convenience wetting while doing homework

Author: Wet19

*000*2019-05-12 19:32

For the past week I've been frantically typing code and debugging my project for my software development class. My deadline is in two days and I still have too much to do. Today, I have nothing else scheduled, so I have been sitting at my computer since I got out of bed (aside from grabbing some lunch). I've had to pee twice today. The first time I pretended to be an adult and went to the toilet. The second time, I was on a roll with a feature implementation and instead of getting up, I just paused for a moment and peed my jeans in my chair, then went right back to work. It was totally unplanned and I'm going to have to clean up the chair and the carpet later, but it was so quick and convenient to just relieve myself without interrupting what I was doing.

I've gotta get back to work, but I wanted to quickly share that with you all. Anyone else have similar stories?

*008*2019-06-15 17:57

{{On 5/30/2019 at 7:24 AM, Koryo said:

What programming language were you using? Java? Python?

}}

Java

{{On 6/7/2019 at 9:40 PM, lovetohold said:

Have you ever tried wearing a diaper under your pants while doing homework? I don’t do it a lot, but it feels nice to feel it swell up and get warm.

When I was younger (teens) and couldn’t afford diapers, much less hide them from my parents, I’d wad up a TON of toilet paper and stuff them down my underpants when I was desperate. I’d keep focusing on homework, all the while shooting spurts of piss into the wasteful clump of toilet paper until it soaked through and I had to sneakily run to the bathroom and replace it. Have you ever tried that? Totally recommend it!

}}

I do like diapers, but not all the time. I prefer wet pants even if I have a mess to clean up after.

