Genuine loss of control at last

Author: Linkachu

*000*2019-05-02 19:09

Hi all, long time lurker first time user/poster here.

So I've always had an on/off relationship with omo as I'd never been able to properly lose control of my bladder. I find regular wetting okay, but desperate holding followed by an accident is my real kink ya know?

Over the years I've tried everything's from rapid desperation to overloading on diuretics and nothing worked. It always became painful before I reached the point of losing it.

Well I've had some time to myself recently so I thought I'd experiment a little. And a couple of days ago, it happened. After trying to hold on, I fully pissed myself. A fluke maybe? Just a one off? Well I tried the same technique again today and, well, let's just say there's a soaked pair of trousers in the wash right now.

Its not even anything special that I do. Instead of drinking a lot from pretty much empty, I just wait until I naturally reach around a 5/6 over the course of an evening without trying, then down a litre of water followed by topping up with a mouthful every 10 minutes or so. After about an hour I just lose it. A few spurts here, a trickle there. But no matter how hard I try to hold on it just gushes out of me uncontrollably. And it's amazing. I guess just different things work for different people.

So yeah, now that I've found something that seems to work for me I'm just gonna roll with it. So you'll probably be seeing a lot of me around here!

