Very Very Lewd Ship Girls Chronicles

Author: Colonel Briggs

*000*2021-11-28 16:08

It was a intense night indeed for Ibuki from Sakura Empire and Forbin from Iris Libre. Both had a lot of wine, champagne, beer and alcohol. Instead of them wanting to kill the guests, it made them both desperate to pee in their panties. However, kind-hearted Agano class light cruiser Noshiro had kindly asked the ladies to hold back from peeing for at least 3 days. Both Ibuki and Forbin had agreed to do what Noshiro had asked of them. Noshiro also wanted to hold back her pee for 3 days as she had a lot to drink. 3 Days, 6 hours have passed, that is when Ibuki had begged to be tied and Noshiro was ready to do it. 

So, Noshiro had tied Ibuki and she was laying on her back. “P-Poke me please and make me pee…” Ibuki said as she looked at the kind hearted girl who had tied her, she blushes right away. Not long after, she started to pee into her panties which would not stop for at least 22 hours as she held it in for 78 hours. 3 hours later, Forbin peed herself. Forbin’s commander, Briggs walks into the room and noticed two ladies on Noshiro’s bed peeing in their panties. “C-Commander, I really had to pee. Got wasted back there when drinking.” Forbin said, looking at her commander. Noshiro asks the two if they wanted to stay in their panties even after having to piss in them. So both Forbin and Ibuki nodded yes. Ayanami walks in, but she herself is also wasted from drinking heavily which had a nasty effect on her bladder which was about to burst. She was also tied by Noshiro who had tied the other two.

