Peed on by someone in pool or peeing on someone in pool

Author: Pool69

*000*2020-04-29 15:02

Not too long a story but a few years ago I was at a pool party at my friends house and was talking to one of my female friends. We were messing with each other and that stuff until she wrapped her legs around my torso and pressed her crotch on me. I thought she was just playing until I felt it get very warm around me. She told me she was pissing on me. I think I pretended to be annoyed but it was so hot.

Does anyone else have any similar experiences? Peeing on someone in the pool or getting peed on by someone in the pool?

*004*2020-05-07 23:45

{{On 5/2/2020 at 3:06 AM, lovetohold said:

I always pee in the pool, doesn't matter who I'm with. But back when I was last in a relationship, I remember going to the pool with the person I was dating. We'd hang out in a back corner of the pool, pretending to float leisurely and chat. What people didn't realize is that we showed up EXTREMELY full of pee, sometimes to the point of our bladders aching.

We'd often flirtatiously hug and float around until we couldn't take it anymore, then we'd push against each other (acting like we were just snuggling, facing each other), and start peeing as hard as we could, because we needed to go so desperately. We took turns peeing against each other's bodies. Occasionally, if the pool was empty, we'd sneakily masturbate each other after emptying ourselves.

On a few occasions, if we didn't need to go badly enough, we'd wait, come back to the apartment, and share a pee session on our balcony (essentially helping each other pee by holding each other's crotches while we wet ourselves against the brick pillars).

###

I'm glad you had the chance to have your female friend pee on you, Pool69! Have you had any other experiences?

}}

That’s kind of the main one, hence my (juvenile) username lol

