I had a few consecutive accidents

Author: kinky-asexual

*000*2020-03-16 21:46

So today after work I started a hold, unsure on where it would end. After I had my normal shower I got dressed make a drink and sat down. easy, drank that pint of water, got another. no problem, then later another pint of water. (for future refence all drinks are water, I will stop clarifying)

I then have some food and make another pint, same again, no problem. Kinda need to pee, nothing serious I can last at this level. I get up to get more water, and while walking around the three jumps to a 7. I'm starting to notice, where as before I was watching videos and IM-ing people very easy, not it is a bit harder. Every few seconds I am reminded by the pressure building up. I get used to it, eventually that 7 fades to a 6, maybe 5. I get another pint, but this time have to take my time, the pressure is rising, slowly. Just before I finish it it becomes unbearable, I start leaking, barely able to stem the flow and get back to it.

I'm starting to feel thirsty, I replace my pint glass with a litre stein, and get back to whatever I was doing before the incident.

Then the flood-gates broke again, a larger leak, but eventually stopped.

I sat down, took two mouthfuls of my drink and realised it wasn't over. I was tired of getting up and knew I wasn't gonna be empty anytime soon, so I just released.

I got soaked, worst of all that wasn't it. As I sit here typing this up, small leaks emerge.

I hope you all enjoy this as much as I did.

