It happened again

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-04-29 12:30

So as the title says, I wet my bed again this night.

I'm sorry I actually don't have a lot of details as I don't remember anything. I was at a friend's birthday party, drinking special beers and whiskey and next thing I know is waking up in my soaked bed. I've obviously forgotten to pee before going to bed as there seemed to be a huge amount of pee covering almost the entire surface of my sheets.

Anyway I take my sheets to my mum as usual and this time she seems pretty angry and starts to ask questions.

How did I come back home? (with her car obviously, as it was in front of the house) At what time? (No idea) How much did I drink? (Enough)

Then she goes on scolding me that I'll blow up my brain if I continue drinking and smoking that much, and that I won't have her car anymore as long as I don't stop this. It's the first time she scolds me so severely and I'm afraid she kicks me out of the house if it goes on.

What to do?

*004*2011-05-02 22:41

I had a discussion with my mum.

I know she's right but I can't help it. When I start to drink, I just can't stop and when I'm beyond a certain point, I don't care about anything.

I also realized it will dammage my brain if I go on like this and it's the only thing I have.

So I promised I'll know my limits and stay within them. I don't want to hurt anybody, and if it happened when I'm drunk, I would never forgive myself.

Thank you for your comments, I hope I'll be able to control myself in the future.

