Discord Desperation - A Short Story

Author: Noot

*000*2020-08-19 01:28

I'm not an accident-prone person, so I've never posted on this sub-forum before, but here's a short story about something that happened to me earlier tonight on Discord. I won't go into too many details because it's late!

I started holding around 9PM, at which time I was already slightly full and, admittedly, slightly tipsy. I was talking about the hold to some folks on Discord, who weren't encouraging at all. The idea was to hold until I was bursting and then head to the bathroom to get some sweet relief. It didn't quite go to plan...

By midnight, I was desperate. I was beginning to leak on the bed, which was a serious concern, but I couldn't seem to stop it. Finally, more than a little drunk at this point, I decided I'd reached my limits. I told the Discord people that I was about to lose it, stood up- wearing only a t-shirt at this point- and started to walk towards my bathroom, but the few steps I took between my bed and bedroom door told me that I wasn't going to make it.

Instead, I had to look around my bedroom for things that could save me. I had a matter of seconds. First, I considered the window, but that seemed too risky because I could easily be seen. By then I was almost constantly leaking, onto the carpet mostly. Finally I spotted the only thing in the room that might save me: my trusty emergency bottle, which Discord users might know I've used a few times before in last-gasp situations. The problem was that it was half-full with water. Squeezing myself with my hand to keep the pee in, I grabbed the bottle and chugged the rest of the water, around half a litre. It was agony on top of my already-bursting bladder.

Running out of time, I assumed my usual position whenever an emergency pee into the bottle was my only option- leaning against my bedroom door so that nobody could possibly get in. I only just managed to line the bottle up in time before my bladder just exploded and all the muscles I had been holding with gave up. For a while, I wasn't sure if the bottle would hold all my wee, but I managed to stem the flow before it filled even nearly all the way up. It felt incredible.

If anyone's interested, here's the bottle!

$$

