Bed wetting

Author: Ilikepee123

*000*2022-04-17 17:23

So I got some alone time and I have a pack of goodnites hidden in my room. They feel so good and comfortable and they surprisingly hold a lot. Anyways, I was having a night to myself and decided to throw one on and have good night (haha see what I did there) as I lay I have a few beers because I know thats what always get my bladder going. anyways, I’m laying in bed watching Netflix, finishing off my drink and decide that I’ve had it for the night. As I fall asleep I can feel my bladder filling and I know what’s gonna happen. As I’m sleeping my bladder filler to the brim. With no room left, it’s spills out of me, soaking the ever so thirsty padding of the diaper. I sleep soundly as my bladder empties into my fresh goodnite.

As I sleep soundly though the night my bladder fills again, and this time it wakes me up. As my thoughts come to me I realize that my diaper is wet and but not too wet. So I lay there running my hand up and down, feeling it’s wetness and how much it’s expanded. I lay there, rubbing it until my bladder can’t take anymore. The I flip over to my stomach and release the flood that my bladder held back. I can feel it pooling around my cock and running forward my stomach. As my protection loses its power I feel the first stream of pee exit out the top of my goodnight and story to pool around my lower body. The heat and excitement makes me continue. As I pee I can feel the flood around me. It feels so nice and warm, I just can’t stop. As I finish I lay there for a couple minutes and pleasure myself. Reality kicks in. I start to clean up and take my diaper off. It’s absolutely soaked. I’m now sitting in a slightly fresh diaper (I’ve been letting go as needed) and relaxing.

If anyone wants to chat I’d be happy to get to know more about you’re experiences!

