Desperate at the mall

Author: pantywetter199

*000*2018-06-19 02:13

I was walking through the mall (alone, luckily) and I had about three coffees and was currently drinking a tea. Anyways I was happily walking through the shop when I felt my first bladder twinge. It wasn't that bad so I kept shopping but then there was another. And another. At that point I knew I would have to go soon or I would have an accident, and I've never wet in public before so that would not be ideal. I had a big armful of stuff so I decided to quickly try them on before I left so I wouldn't have to re-select it all later. I step into the change room with all my stuff and that's when I felt the first leak. I quickly grabbed my crotch and fell to the ground before more could leak out. I stayed there for a few seconds before I was sure it was safe to get up, I stood and put on the first shirt. When I looked in the mirror I could see my bladder bulging, bad. 

I knew I didn't have much time so I finished up quickly. Now all that was left was me, a painfully full bladder, and a pair of light blue skinny jeans. At this point I doubted I could make it through the jeans but I had faith. As soon as my first leg was in I was leaking real bad, the bottom of my underwear was leaking through a bit but I wouldn't give up. I quickly pulled them up and did up the zipper and button, but I knew I wouldn't make it out of the jeans. My bladder hurt so bad, I dropped to the ground on my knees, tears in my eyes and fell the first stream. I tried to stop myself but it just felt too good to stop. I finished, surrounded by a puddle at that point, peeled off the soaking wet jeans, changed back into my own clothes, and left the shop without buying anything.

(That was my first time ever writing anything like this so I'm sorry if it's bad or fragmented or anything but it was a really god day for me.)

