Just desperately soaked a pee pad in a grocery store parking lot!

Author: lmarris1996

*000*2022-05-31 13:36

I knew I should’ve peed before I left the house for my errands but I was in a rush to get them all out of the way as early as possible. As I made the drive to my first errand, I could feel my bladder starting to alert me, but I tried to ignore it. My first errand was grocery shopping, which took a little longer than expected. Toward the end, I was starting to have to cross my legs pretty heavily in the aisles and checkout lanes. After I checked out, I passed the bathroom but did not want to bother hiding my cart of checked goods to go and pee. But as soon as I got to my car, I was absolutely desperate and bursting to go. I’m pretty sure the young man collecting and pushing the carts back inside thought I was acting weird as I had to keep pausing as I unloaded my cart to cross my legs in desperation. 

I knew I wouldn’t make it to my next errand without either dashing to a nearby toilet, dropping my pants and pissing in a parking lot, or wetting myself. As I began to drive out of my parking spot, I began to slowly leak. I grabbed my pussy in an attempt to stop and was successful. Suddenly, I remembered the spare pee pads I had in my back seat. I hurriedly pulled back over, whipped out a pad, and pulled down my shorts. My underwear was already wet and a damp stop beginning to form on my shorts, but I was able to unleash the rest of my bladder onto the pee pad. I’m pretty sure a nearby customer saw me doing this as they were parked across from me and staring just a bit too long. I didn’t care, I was desperate as you can see by the pee pad! I nearly soaked the entire thing which has been a goal of mine. Now I can continue my errands in peace.

67569684304__D693502B-FC6A-45EC-AE99-37AE267FE81D.MOV

