Playful accident while out

Author: Iliodoro

*000*2017-08-05 13:34

It was a summer afternoon when my bf and I decided to have a walk around the city. I was in a quite playful state of mind and rather indifferent of what he might think of me that day. I was generally rather cautious, but that day I could barely give a damn.

I got him to have sexy time in the changing rooms of a busy store. He wasn't hesitant at all, and that made me hornier.

Later on, as we were walking around i realised I hadn't visited the toilet for a long time. But I thought I should be fine. It was getting darker and we had climbed to a somehow isolated area of our town. People passing by were scarce and the darkness offered coverage. That moment, the wanting-to-pee sensation aggravated inside me since it was a good chance to let go of the wee. But being with my bf and with the few people passing by from time to time I decided to wait.

In my jolly/over my head mood, I thought it would be funny, and really aroused me, to take my boobs out and just walk like that, plus, it was a good distraction from my bladder. Indeed I was aroused and so I hoped that my boyfriend would be. I ran round and about making jokes and trying to get him into the mood but he was rather annoyed, asking me to cover up. Disappointed, I did.

Once my focus was taken away from my nudism, the urge to pee had built up a lot. I felt the pee ready to come out, some of it already forming a warm wet spot on my panties. That moment I announced I desperately needed to pee. I didn't really care for who might be around but I headed near a tree. I was wearing a mini skirt and the pee had already started pouring down my legs, also making my sandals wet. All this made me giggle, but i sat and peed through my panties quite blissfully and trying to get a glimpse of whether my bf was watching me or not. I wiped my feet after I was done and went back to him.

He was rather neutral and I felt his annoyance from my previous behavior. But hey, I was quite dissapointed in him too

*002*2017-08-05 15:41

{{37 minutes ago, WetG/F said:

Maybe you are with the wrong b/f ????

}}

Not together anymore!

