My first time holding today!

Author: Mirrors

*000*2021-04-11 11:08

So today I did my first holding challenge, that i placed upon myself, because i just wanted to do this lol.

I started the day by passing on morning pee, like a 9am, and it was fine! I ate a lot for breakfast, drank a cup of tea and then... not a long time after it i also drank a coffee. The day started pretty great so far, i drank some water while playing Final Fantasy 14, where I think someone was hitting on my catboy. Little did they know that I was holding a whole bucket of pee inside me.

At first I really wanted to go, but i knew the first wave isn't so bad, after some time it retreated so I was just chilling, running dungeons, sipping my water. It was all going well until it was like 12. My tum was pretty full by that time, I could feel my bladder filled so much, that i could touch it on my skinny body. I wanted to hold on until I start leaking and I eventually did, and when I did that's when I headed towards bathroom. The leak helped a lot, so it was all cool just gonna take care of it, thinking, maybe I will push a little bit more next time.

But the bathroom was taken XD. Turns out my mum was just sitting there talking on the phone so I just had to wait for her to finish lmao.

I never paced so much in life. In the end I survived 5 more minutes, idk how but pacing kinda helped me but i didnt want to leak anymore fearing 

It will get out of control in my parents house lmao. It started being hurtful so I leaked just a little bit more and when it got really hard

The door opened and I just went in lol. When I sat on the toilet i started peeing right away, and when I was sitting there i noticed the leaks made a perfect circle in my undies. So, that was fun! I'm gonna try it again sometime later and see how far I can go!

$$

