Well, my girlfriend is into it

Author: WaifuLifeu

*000*2014-03-17 00:13

I found out last night that my girlfriend of about 2 months is into wetting.

We were watching a movie after a night at a club with some friends, where she and I had 2 or 3 drinks a piece, enough to loosen us both up.

I've known she was into the kinkier side of things, and we've experimented some with bondage and power play. So we're sitting on the couch, and we start to kiss and fondle some. I climb on top of her while she's sitting and pin her wrists up above her head. And I guess the way I was sitting was pressing on her bladder, and after a few minutes she moves to get up, saying she needed to use the bathroom. I just held her wrists tighter and continued to sit where I was. She kind of topped, and looked at me sideways, then smiled and continued to kiss me. 

For the next few minutes I would continue to adjust my position on her stomach and she would gasp and struggle. We have a safeword established, but she made no motion of saying no. Eventually I moved my hand to just above her pubic mound and pressed down making circular motions. This increased her desperation significantly and she began to try and cross her legs. I told her no and a we continued to kiss, after about 5 minutes of hand pressure she gasped against my lips, and I began to hear a splatter on the floor behind me. She pulled her face away some and blushed while she looked at me coyly.

She seemed to go on for forever and left what looked like a gallon of liquid on the floor and the couch (leather, thankfully). I told her she had been a very bad girl and that she would be punished after she cleaned up her mess on hands and knees with the wet spot on her jeans on full display.

And what happened from there is up to your imagination.

We talked about it the next day and she mentioned that she was extremely turned on by having all control of the situation taken away from her. And she said that if I would always rock her world like that then she would do it for me more or less whenever.

Just felt like sharing.

