Shared bathrooms get tricky

Author: sarababyxoxo

*000*2016-02-12 19:01

So I've been in the mood for an accident for a few days but my roommate has been here constantly so I havent been able to. Until today, when she went home for the weekend.

At 11 I got out of class and headed to my dorm, i had already had a cup of detox tea and cranberry juice so my bladder was about a 2/10 so not bad at all. I sat down at my computer and started drinking water not thinking much about how much i was drinking until it was 11:45 and i was 5 glasses down. My roommate had left but my suite mates (room next door that we share a bathroom with) weren't leaving till 1:45. So I figured today was a good day to hold. I watched some TV and then at 12:15 it hit me, I started squirming and bouncing but i didn't wanna hold myself yet. So I kept forcing myself to drink water. I really had to go, i was at a 9/10 at this point.

I decided I shouldn't wet today and I should wet another day this weekend so I went to reach for the bathroom door and all of a sudden i hear the shower turn on! My suite mate decided to shower so there was no way i could go in. I had no choice but to hold it. 15 minutes later she was still in the shower and i was on the ground holding myself. I put two fingers down my pants and pressed as hard as i go. Unfortunately this turned me on more than stopped the need. Now i was super horny and had to go.

Finally it was 12:45 and she turns off the shower and leaves the bathroom, but this was the hard part, standing up.

I take a deep breath with my fingers still forcefully down my panties and stood up but I couldnt hold it.

My bladder burst and the warm stream of urine filled the front and back of my pants while I started rubbing myself. I regained control long enough to get inside the shower to finish. I squatted down and let go. I guess I was so relaxed my body decided to let go all together, so I started going number two and I couldn't stop. I kept touching myself and orgasmed after only about 2 minutes.

Thanks for reading :)

