First public wetting

Author: Morgan Riley

*000*2020-04-01 03:04

Hi everyone, first time poster here.

Today I took a nice long walk along a less traveled path while about 9/10 desperate. I didn't get very far before I started leaking. I was wearing black leggings so it would help hide the fact that it was wet, but I got a little nervous a few minutes later because somebody walked by me and I was afraid she would notice me or the drips on the sidewalk behind me. However, she was on the phone so I think she was too distracted to notice. I walked a bit further and let a lot out at once (about half the contents of my bladder), feeling it running down the backs of my legs and pooling in my shoes. I continued walking like that until my leggings were dry (my panties were still soaked, though ), but shortly before getting home I had filled my bladder enough to let another gush out. It felt amazing, and was a really exciting experience!

*006*2020-04-02 12:35

{{5 hours ago, Nils JD said:

This sounds amazing!

A public wetting in black leggings is kind of kinky and naughty, well done!

May I ask you what kind of shoes you wore?

And did you wear socks, lol?

}}

Thank you! At first I was a little too nervous that the lady would catch me and report me for public indecency, but after I got away with it I got a huge rush of excitement!

I wore an old pair of running shoes. One of them had a small hole in the mesh near the toes, so I felt they'd be a good candidate for becoming my dedicated wetting shoes! And yeah, I wore my cutest pair of socks for it

